[Alchemy Research Institute]

[Facility Level: Advanced level 2.

*List of Products that can be Produced*

Intermediate~ Super Health Recovery Potion. Intermediate~ Super Mana Recovery Potion. Low~ Super Buff Potions. Weapon and Armor Enhancement Stones. Low-grade Sunglasses. Low~ Intermediate Orbs. Adjusted video communication. Magic power detection tower. Seven magic traps. Telecommunication earphones, etc.

*List of Metals that can be Transformed*

Steel. Silver. Black iron. Orichalcum *metal's performance is enhanced*.

*List of Options that can be attached to Items*

Increased strength (small). Increased agility (small). Increased stamina (small). Increased intelligence (small). Increased movement speed (small). Reduced resource consumption (minimal). Skill enhancement effect (small). Coolness ★Added skill★ ★Added attribute★]

This was the current state of Reidan's alchemy facility. It was a very good facility just looking at the basic functions. The super-grade recovery potions and buff potions were goods that boss monsters didn't drop easily. They were expensive enough to be called 'chaebol exclusive items' and boasted excellent performance. It wasn't an exaggeration to say that the best source of Grid and the Overgeared members' performance during the Berith raid was the potions made by the alchemy facility. 

Additionally, it was worth noting that orichalcum was a high-value metal, and there was a variety of options that could be attached to items. It was clear that there would be a big social impact if Reidan's alchemy facility were released to the media. Indeed, many people were willing to make deals with the Overgeared Kingdom, that could exclusively produce high-end goods and attach options to items.

'They don't know it is an empty strength.'

All facilities had something called the 'maintenance fee'. If the maintenance fee wasn't paid on time, the level of the facility would drop and the operations would stop. It was common sense that 'maintenance of military facilities' was the most expensive, but it was actually the alchemy facility which boasted a unique maintenance cost. The cost of maintaining one alchemy facility was higher than the cost of maintaining 30 advanced barracks which could raise and sustain 1,000 soldiers. 

Of course, the maintenance cost was the minimum cost. The investment cost was even higher. Over the past few years, more than half the revenue of the Overgeared Kingdom had been invested in the single alchemy facility, and it was able to achieve this high level thanks to the investment. Still, there was a bigger problem.

[-List of Materials needed to Produce Health Potions-

3 lagui. 3 long tea herbs. 2 red lotus flowers. 0.5 litres of purified water. One glass bottle.

There is a 40% of the potion production failure.

40% chance of producing an intermediate health potion.

15% chance of producing an advanced health potion.

4% chance of producing a super health potion.

1% chance of producing an ultimate health potion.]

All alchemy products had a probability section. Money was constantly wasted when producing items, transforming metals, or giving an option to items, but the final results were uncertain. Money and luck were needed in order to get the desired result. The option attaching function even had a cooldown time. This was why more kingdoms, apart from the empire, neglected alchemy and why Grid scorned the alchemy facility.

'It is a money-eating hippopotamus.'

The alchemy facility boasted an exceptionally mysterious and beautiful appearance compared to other buildings. Grid arrived at the entrance of the money-eating facility and started cursing. It was almost a reflexive behavior. Grid still couldn't forget the 'coolness' option attached to Iyarugt.

'It was really bad for the value.'

He wanted to close the alchemy facility many times. The reason he didn't do it was because of the possibility for magic engineering. The field of magic engineering was presumed to exist in an area that couldn't be achieved by individual blacksmiths. Thus, Grid needed help from alchemy.

“We deeply welcome Your Majesty!”

The alchemists rushed out to greet Grid. Alchemy was disparaged in all other kingdoms. For alchemists, the Overgeared Kingdom was one of the few stages where they could prove their worth. They didn't want to lose this stage and struggled to look good to Grid.

“A while ago, I succeeded in transforming orichalcum! I got one orichalcum with 100 steel!”

“You can't be praised for one orichalcum. The report showed that you invested a total of 13,000 steel pieces in a month and only one orichalcum was obtained,” Chris, lord of Reidan, replied on Grid's behalf.

Chris' blunt and negative reaction represented Grid's mind, and he intended to save Grid's dignity. Wouldn't the king lose his dignity if he questioned his subordinates one by one? Chris had operated a large guild and was good at this area.

“I-I'm ashamed. However, things will surely change once the facility reaches advanced level 3,” the facility chief said while bowing his sweating head.

Then Chris raised his voice, “Next time it will be different, next time. You say the same thing every time. How much more money should we invest?”

“Stop,” Grid restrained Chris.

'Why is he talking loudly when it is my money being invested?'

This was what he thought. Grid was smart, but he was still lacking when it came to interpersonal relationships. Grid asked the chief, “How long will it take to achieve advanced level 3?”

“.... So far, we've been able to accumulate experience and raise the level every time the alchemy succeeds. Therefore, I was able to roughly guess the time when the facility level would rise. However, this time is different. I can't guess.”

“Why? Is there a separate condition for accumulating experience?”

“That...” The facility chief wiped away his sweat. He couldn't make eye contact with Grid. His attitude made Grid feel uneasy.

“Speak quickly.” Grid frowned. 

The facility chief explained in a trembling voice, “Since the facility level reached advanced level two, it has changed so that experience is only accumulated when the ultimate performance is achieved...”

“Eh?”

“What?”

Grid looked horrified while Chris' eyes became bloodshot. Chris stepped out on behalf of Grid. “So, what...? In the past, the experience value of the facility rose even when you only made low-grade potions. Now in the future, experience will only increase with the ultimate grade potions? Am I understanding correctly?”

“...That's right.”

“This is crazy!”

The cost of producing a single health recovery potion was similar to the trading price of a super health recovery potion. This was extremely inefficient. It was much better to buy potions directly than to manufacture them from the alchemy facility. Nevertheless, the reason all Overgeared members used potions from the alchemy facility was to gain ultimate health recovery potions and improve the level of the alchemy facility. Once the alchemy facility was up and running, they were forced to keep using it to accumulate experience and increase the level.

Now the investment itself had become meaningless. Only the ultimate result would accumulate experience...? It really would be the beginning of 'pouring water into a bottomless pit' from now on.

“They are crazy.” Grid finally lost his temper. He forgot that the alchemists were watching and expressed his thoughts. The alchemists looked like the sky had fallen.

“Your Highness, please don't say that! We aren't crazy!”

“That's right! We are sane! We are just explaining it!”

“No, I'm not talking about you.”

It was the S.A Group. The majority of alchemists were NPCs, so Grid swallowed the rest of his words. His stomach was burning. Alchemy! Ah, alchemy! It was the culprit that emptied his pockets, and it always hit him in the back of the head, making the stars visible!

'XX... Even the CEO of the Sasung Group can't reach advanced level 3 unless he is lucky.'

Grid was convinced of this. Alchemy—its efficiency was terrible compared to its potential. It wasn't content that existed for players. Rather, it was merely a fantasy responsible for vague expectations.

Chris seemed to think the same way, “This isn't a problem that can be solved by being impatient. If we invest money in order to raise the level quickly, our finances will be ruined. Let's not hurry and just utilize the facility while maintaining the current operating policy. Then the level will rise slowly.” 

“Do you want to reach advanced master level in 20–30 years?”

“...”

It might not be possible in 20 or 30 years. The alchemy facility couldn't reach the advanced master level until their children's generation. Chris became miserable when he thought seriously about it. “Fantasy content... Well, okay. I like it. It is worth it.”

A wide smile appeared on Grid's face. Chris found it absurd that Grid was so happy.

Step, step. Grid walked forward. He stood in front of the nucleus at the center of the institute and opened the Rune of Darkness. A black and ominous demonic energy rose around Grid's body.

[The activation of the Rune of Darkness has increased demonic power by 200!]

Grid ignored the rising notification window and placed a pale hand on the magic power nucleus. 

Duguen! Duguen! 

The magic power nucleus of Reidan's alchemy facility—the giant amethyst breathing like the heart of a living being—started to react to the force inside Grid. The wide smile on Grid's face couldn't be erased.

“Grid?”

“Chris, have I told you exactly what Berith's Power is?”

The 22nd Great Demon Berith's power to produce every material that existed in the world at will was born at Grid's fingertips. Berith's Hoof emerged from Grid's inventory and floated around the magic power nucleus. It was the activation of the Transformation system.

“Wait! Grid!!” Chris was shocked. Transformation was a system where a specific materials was used to enhance the inherent performance or transform it to steel, silver, black iron, or orichalcum. In other words, if the value of the materials used exceeded orichalcum, the system was likely to cause a loss. Enhancing the performance of Berith's Hoof would fail. Berith's Hoof would be changed to either steel, silver, black iron, or orichalcum.

“Hey! Stop!”

It was too big a gamble. The best metal that Berith dropped would be lost. Chris reached out to stop Grid.

“Transformation.”

He was one step too late. Grid had already activated the Transformation system using Berith's Hoof as a material. Simultaneously, a brilliant golden light surrounded the entire laboratory and emerged through all the windows of the laboratory. The entire city of Reidan, which had a population of one million, had turned golden. After the light was cleared, Chris and the alchemists made the same sound, “Ah...”

They saw it. Berith's Hoof emitted a mystical brilliance.

“This is Berith's Power.”

Grid placed the hoof in his inventory and shared some of the Rune of Darkness' information with Chris.

[★Special★

*22nd Great Demon Berith's Power.

The ultimate falsehood distorts reality.

The ultimate alchemy manipulates all things.

-When activating the ultimate alchemy-

Activate the Automatic Transformation and Ultimate Transformation skills.]

[Automatic Transformation]

[Passive skill.

If you are targeted by a projectile, a metal shield made of defensive metal will be automatically generated in real time.

10,000 damage will be absorbed per shield.

* The duration is one minute.]

[Ultimate Transformation]

[Active skill.

The best result will be obtained when using alchemy.

* 10 days of charging time is needed after use.]

“I was angry at first.”

It was due to the preconditions attached to Ultimate Transformation. What was the prerequisite to use alchemy when Grid was a blacksmith?

“At first, I thought of it was a skill to be used in conjunction with the Automatic Transformation passive skill and that it would be possible to defend myself temporarily.” 

Then Grid noticed that he could take advantage of the alchemy system. It was a matter that could be simply resolved by using the alchemy facility.

“However, as you can see, there is a separate method of use.” 

Fantasy? It couldn't exist before Berith's Power. He had the power to make fantasy into a reality.

[The success of Ultimate Transformation has increased the alchemy facility's experience by 1%!]

“...!” Chris saw the lord-only notification window in front of him and raised his fists.

“Waaaaahhhhh!” The alchemists embraced each other and cheered enthusiastically. They thought that Grid's presence itself was a blessing.