The 13 series, released by Company B in the second half of this year, was the best visual medium sized sedan of the series. The curves were smooth, sleek and balanced, with the bumper that emphasized simplicity. It deserved praise for blending sports and force at the same time. The low body contrasted with the high back. The silver muffler was one of its important charming points.

The 800 million won car, highly acclaimed for its design in a prominent magazine, was now mine.

“Kuoh… Really cool.”

In front of my house. I was impressed as the car arrived. The matte black color gave it an even higher quality feel. I wanted to drive this car on the road right now. It was obvious that everyone would focus their attention on this top of the line car.

I wanted to call out to a beautiful woman.

‘Hey, hop in!’ This was what I wanted to yell.

The 13 series was a car that any woman would want to ride in, so I was confident that I could easily succeed in hunting.

“But hunting will be for later. First…”

I started the car. The heavy and powerful roar of the engine made my heart pound.

In fact, the engine of the 13 series was considerably downsized compared to the 12.8 series. Unlike the 12.8 series which was a super sedan, this was inevitable since the 13 series was more design than power oriented.

Nonetheless, it had a monster performance of 580 horsepower, a maximum torque of 72kgm and a 0-60 of 3.8 seconds. The 13 series could also be called a super sedan.

“Let’s go!”

I prepared to depart in 23, the name of the car.

Buwaaaaang!

An amazing power and speed that reached 100km less than four seconds after starting! I was weak at driving, but this was a perfectly comfortable ride!

“Ohhhh! Amazing! 23, you are really great! Puhahahat!”

This situation seemed like a dream, so only a happy laugh emerged. I was a debtor a few months ago, but now I was the owner of an 800 million won car! I was truly an example of reversing my life!

I was filled with pleasure. My wish had been fulfilled. It was all due to Satisfy! Satisfy was a fantastic game worthy of its name. I appreciated the fact that the virtual reality game, which could never be imagined in the past, was launched in this age and gave me such success.

 

Young Ladies High School was a female only high school and among the top 10 schools in the nation. It was established less than 50 years ago so its history was short, but numerous females who graduated from there had accomplished a great deal in all walks of life.

And the fame of the Young Ladies High School was at its peak this year. It was due to two schoolgirls, Shin Sehee and Park Yerim. They were two people within the top five scores of the national mock tests, and their beauty was superior to celebrities.

Firstly, Park Yerim. 

She was always smiling. Her eyelashes were long enough to shade her eyes, and the moistness blurred them, making her give off a decadent feeling.

There was a mole under her left eye and a thick lower lip. The overall impression combined with her soft and pale flesh was enough to arouse people’s imaginations. She was a typical example of a drawing. She had a sex appeal that made it hard to believe she was a high school student.

In addition, she wore her uniform skirt short and undid a few buttons to emphasize her chest, so her fellow peers couldn’t sleep while thinking about her. Some adults seriously considered that they might be pedophiles because of her, causing them to consult a psychiatrist.

By contrast, Sehee was a very neat girl. She always looked calm and composed. Her eyes were big and round,

and a distinct stubbornness was felt from her closed lips. She just looked beautiful. She had a balanced blend of features and long straight hair. She had the ideal appearance of someone’s first love.

If Satisfy had Yura and Jishuka, South Korean high schools had Shin Sehee and Park Yerim. The presence given off by the two girls was unique. Due to that, the streets in front of the Young Ladies High School were packed daily.

“She came out! Sehee!”

“Ohh! Yerim as well!”

The front entrance of the Young Ladies High School. Was this place really a girl’s high school? It was natural to question this because many male students were gathered in front of it. The males were only interested in two girls, Sehee and Yerim.

They were gathered to see the faces of Sehee and Yerim.  It was a daily sight. The students of the Young Ladies High School naturally didn’t mind that boys from other schools were gathered. The only one suffering was Sehee.

“Revolting.”

Sehee was honestly frightened. It was lucky that the school employed a lot of security guards so the boys weren’t able to turn into a mob. She just wanted to go to school as usual, and was angry about why she had to suffer this type of situation when she wasn’t a celebrity.

But Yerim was different. She enjoyed this situation, unlike Sehee.

“Aren’t there any nice oppas~?” Yerim said to Sehee as she looked around at all the excited boys.

“Do it in moderation. Isn’t it tiring to have all these people come every day?”

Yerim didn’t feel uncomfortable about Sehee’s nagging. Rather, she laughed and hugged Sehee’s waist. “But isn’t it funny? Take a look at them. Don’t you think they look like monkeys? It’s like a zoo.”

“…It feels more like we are the monkeys.”

Two girls who were completely different except for their good grades! But both of them had been friends since middle school. Their personality and tastes were so different that the two of them were able to fit well without any conflict.

Sehee knew a lot about Yerim. For example, Yerim’s tastes and her family history. She even knew intimate details about Yerim’s intimate details. Sehee didn’t know because she wanted to know. Yerim wanted to get closer to Sehee and started confiding everything.

On the contrary, Yerim knew little about Shee. Sehee never really talked about herself. In addition, she seemed to have no interests besides studying. There was only one. Her oppa.

‘She looks like a completely different person when she talks about her oppa.’

Sehee was indifferent to the opposite sex. She didn’t know the names of any idols, unlike her peers. What type of person was Sehee’s oppa? Yerim started her habit of badgering Sehee.

“Sehee~ I’m going to visit your house today. Huh? Okay?”

Her eyes curved and she shook her chest. This was enough to transcend even gender and make the other person blink. But Sehee showed no reaction.

“I don’t want to.”

“Hing ~ Why?”

“I don’t like it, so I don’t want to.”

“I want to go to my friend’s house! Fulfill my wish!”

She started complaining and whining. But there was no effect. 

“I don’t want to.”

“…”

A cold wind blew out of nowhere. Sehee walked forward, while Yerim chased behind her. It happened when both girls were walking through the front entrance.

“Se~hee~”

Emerging from the hundreds of students in front of the Young Ladies High School…

“Eh? What, that person?”

Yerim’s always smiling face stiffened. It was because the man in front of her was too unpleasant. 

“The worst…”

Those who had a slightly less than average appearance could make up for the shortcomings with style. But this man seemed completely indifferent to style. 

He was wearing a brown sweater, green sweat pants, white socks and brown slippers. He had a 5:5 parting that didn’t suit his angled face, making this the worst appearance Yerim had ever seen.

“I-I feel like puking.”

“How can he leave the house looking like this?”

The pale-faced schoolgirls moved away from the man.

“Please send support to the front entrance. There is a very suspicious man.”

Was he a patient who escaped from a mental hospital? The guards hurriedly radioed for reinforcements. Then the male students cried out with outrage.

“How dare this dirty trash block Sehee’s way!”

“What are you doing? Get rid of that bastard quickly! Don’t let Sehee breathe the same germs as him!”

The 10 security guards couldn’t endure the anger of the 100 male students. The boys broke down the barricade and rushed towards the man.  A momentum that seemed like they could kill him!

“W-What? What is it?”

Just as the man seemed like he was going to die, Sehee’s words made them all astonished.

“What is Oppa doing at my school?”

“Heok? O-Oppa?” Yerim misunderstood and hugged Sehee tightly. “No Sehee! That bum is your boyfriend? I can’t accept it!”

“B-Boyfriend?”

A beautiful girl like Sehee was dating someone like this? Everyone was confused. Then Sehee turned red as she shouted towards Yerim, “W-What do you mean by boyfriend? He is literally my oppa. My family member.”

“Heok…”

This was also shocking. Why was Sehee’s oppa so ugly? Wasn’t it normal for him to resemble Sehee? The most shocked person was Yerim.

“T-That is your oppa?”

Sehee always had a pleasant smile on her face when she talked about her oppa. So Yerim only knew Sehee’s oppa as a good person. She had wanted to meet him for a while. Since Sehee never allowed her to meet him, her curiosity was amplified. After that, her fantasy grew until Sehee’s oppa was a prince on a white horse.

But what was this? He was a homeless person in Seoul, not a prince on a white horse!

“…”

Yerim was unimaginably disappointed. Then the girls jealous of Sehee started to gossip among themselves.

“Did you hear? That person is her oppa.”

“They don’t resemble each other at all. Sehee must’ve had plastic surgery. She is so beautiful that I had wondered.”

“Of course it is plastic surgery. Do you think that a person can be such a perfect beauty without any help? It is the same for Yerim and the famous Yura~.”

The man who became the centre of confusion! Sehee’s oppa and the best blacksmith in Satisfy, Shin Youngwoo pressed the button of the remote control he was holding. Then…

Buaaaaaang!

The 13 series was equipped with a automatic operating system that sensed the remote control, and it stopped in front of Shin Youngwoo.

“W-Wow!”

The 13 series was a hot topic since its launch, so even the most ignorant student knew about the car. It was also the 199 limited edition model! As the students and guards admired it, Shin Youngwoo opened the driver’s door and said to Sehee.

“Hop in.”

Then Yerim waved her hand, “Yes~ Oppa!”

Yerim’s eyes were shining.

‘He is Prince Charming on a black horse, not a white one!’

Sehee sighed.

‘I’m tired.’

On this day, Sehee, known for her beauty and her ability to study well, had an oppa who made the other girls jealous. She became a wall that they could no longer cross, ensuring a peaceful school life.

And Youngwoo drove through the city with Sehee and Yerim. 

“Kiyoooooh~!”

“Kyaaaaak!”

It was a rough drive. The other cars gave way every time the 13 series appeared, so the three people were able to experience the miracle of Moses. Youngwoo and Yerim kept screaming, and Sehee finally decided to enjoy this moment.

After the drive.

Youngwoo asked the two people to style him in a manner that suited him. His hair was cut short in a way that highlighted his angular face, making him appear more masculine. The long bangs made his face seem prettier. He didn’t exercise, so a long coat covered up his body, making it look not bad.

“Oppa is tall like Sehee, so the long coat makes your arms and legs look good. Your skin tone is on the darker side so this color…”

Youngwoo smiled with satisfaction as he watched Yerim. “I’m happy that Sehee had a pretty and good friend like you. I’m relieved. I hope you take care of Sehee in the future.”

“Huh? Ah, yes…”

Her first impression of him was the worst, but now he was completely different from his first image. This was Yerim’s first experience of meeting a ‘successful adult man’ so she couldn’t help blushing.

Sehee’s complexion became worse.

‘This is why I didn’t bring her home.’

The night deepened as Youngwoo shopped and ate with two beautiful girls, to the envy of all men around him.

The next day.

Grid connected to Satisfy all morning to make items. Then he dressed in the clothes that Sehee and Yerim bought him the day before and entered 23. It was 30 minutes until the reunion began.

His first reunion in two years. Youngwoo was nervous, but more excited.

“I have changed.”

He wasn’t his pathetic self from the past anymore. Shin Youngwoo’s was confidence due to all the recent events.

