Satisfy implemented a system of complete freedom. It had more than two billion users. The two billion people could freely select or pioneer more than 10,000 classes, and there were 10,000 common classes. 

Each common class had a top 10 rankings. It seemed like the same IDs every time. This meant that the top 10 of each class was widening the gap with those ranked below 11th, and it was virtually impossible for new figures to enter the top 10 rankings.

But approximately six months ago. There was a major upheaval in the rankings of 16 major classes. The Tzedakah Guild moved from L.T.S to Satisfy and entered the top 10 of each ranking in just four months. It had a large impact on users and the Tzedakah Guild made a spectacular debut in Satisfy, gaining the media’s attention.

Then after that…

The rankings became stuck again for a while. After the Tzedakah Guild appeared, the top rankers stayed the same for more than half a year.

It was around a month ago. Just like when the Tzedakah Guild appeared in the past, a major upheaval once again appeared in the rankings. 10 new figures appeared in the rankings of 10 major classes like comets. Those 10 people were called the ‘10 Rookies’ and received people’s praise and expectations.

“Cursed Bloodline!”

 

[The blood imprinted in the Thorn of Deep Grievance has resonated with your blood and makes you run wild.]

[Skill damage has increased by 150%. Movement speed has increased by 80%.]

[Health is continuously consumed while the skill is activated.]

 

“Ohhhhhh!”

 

[You have suffered 34,030 damage.]

[You have suffered 25,111 damage.]

[You have suffered 29,600 damage.]

 

The flamberge, which seemed like the thorny stem of a rose, slashed at the monsters in its orbit. The bleeding didn’t stop as Ibellin flew among the monsters. Then he grabbed a monster’s neck and used a skill. 

“Laceration!”

 

[You have dealt 505,900 damage.]

 

“Kieeeek!”

Ibellin had been succeeding since receiving the Thorn of Deep Grievance from Grid. He cleared difficult dungeons that had frustrated him a few times and earned a great number of rewards from hunting monsters at least 30 levels higher than him.

 

[Your level has risen.]

 

“Good!”

After entering the 200th level zone, Ibellin had only been able to raise his level once every five days. But now he could gain one level in just one day.

It was a feat that could be achieved thanks to moving hunting grounds. And he was able to move hunting grounds thanks to the Thorn of Deep Grievance, so the power of items was really amazing.

‘It was worth investing 2.5 million gold. This is a completely new world!’

The number one spot in the swordsman rankings was guarded by Zirkan. Zirkan was an overwhelming presence so it was hard to take first place, but Ibellin would soon be able to take second place if he kept growing like this.

“Just wait, Lauel!”

Ibellin started Satisfy two months later than his other guild members due to finishing his studies. So he wasn’t included when the Tzedakah Guild debuted and instead became one of the 10 Rookies.

Until then, Ibellin had been confident that he was the best among the 10 Rookies. He never doubted it as one of the Tzedakah Guild. But what was this?

Lauel debuted in the top 10 of the engineer’s rankings when Ibellin was 9th place in the swordsman rankings. Now Lauel was 1st in the engineer rankings and 178th on the unified rankings. On the other hand, Ibellin was  3rd on the swordsman rank

ings and 199th on the unified rankings.

Ibellin saw Lauel on a TV interview and realized that they were the same age. This was a very shocking event for Ibellin, who had the strongest self-esteem among his peers.

Since then, Ibellin recognized Lauel as a rival and strived to surpass him. But this wasn’t an easy task. If he took one step closer, the opponent would take two steps. Thus, Ibellin could feel his limitations. He couldn’t deny that Lauel was superior to himself.

However, then he got his hands on the Thorn of Deep Grievance.

‘Items are also part of our abilities…! Lauel, this time I will be ahead of you!’

 

{Grid! You came ~^0^~}

{I’ve missed you so much!}

{A half day without you is like 10 years… I was desperately waiting for you to come!}

The guild chat window went crazy as soon as Grid connected to the game.

The guild members welcomed Grid like they were reuniting with a separated lover after a long time.

It was all for one reason.

{Make my items quickly!}

{I’m dizzy because I want a legendary rated item ㅠㅠ}

{Me first! Grid, if you make a legendary item for me, I will shoot up to the top 20 right away!}

‘Please make my items!’

That’s what the guild members really longed for. Right now, Grid was a very important and irreplaceable figure.

“Huhuhut… They are prisoners of my items.”

As Grid was laughing and feeling pleased, Ibellin appeared in the guild chat window.

{Brothers, Sisters. Do you think it is so easy for Grid to make a legendary item? ^^ Don’t bother Grid. ^^}

{What? Ibellin, you raised your level again? Hasn’t it only been one day?}

{Yup! ^^ I moved my hunting grounds. ^^ My experience is rising quickly ~ ^^ Previously I worked hard and only gained 1 level in 5 days ~ ^^ This is the true power of items ^^ ㅋ It is all thanks to Grid. ^^}

{Hey… No matter how excited you are, stop using  ^^ <-… It is bad luck.}

{I’m really envious ㅡ ㅡ I was envious when Pon got a unique item, but Ibellin’s is even better. Sooner or later, won’t you reach the second ranking?}

{A legendary item is really… I want to have one as well ㅠㅠ}

After joining the guild, Grid had only produced Pon’s spear and Ibellin’s Thorn. Both of them were finished with a unique and legendary rating, so the expectations of the guild members were too high.

Grid couldn’t unconditionally make unique or legendary items, but the guild members were hoping for at least unique items. Grid was worried about making a normal or rare item, so he told them in advance.

{I don’t think I can make unique or legendary items often. In fact, two out of three Gale Spears were completed with an epic rating and one of Ibellin’s Thorns had a rare rating. I also often make normal or rare items. So keep in mind that your items might be completed as a rare or epic rating.}

{Yes, that’s right. Let’s calm down. Didn’t we want epic items from Grid in the first place? Let’s not lose sight of things. In addition, items made by Grid are unconditionally better than other items of the same level, regardless of their rating. It is enough, even if a rare rating appears.}

{Yes… If we are lucky, one day we will receive unique or legendary items.}

As the excitement of the guild members settled down, Jishuka decided who the next item would be produced for.

{Grid, this time I want you to make armor for Vantner.}

Vantner vetoed it.

{Armor? Why armor? Stop! I don’t need armor! I want a weapon! Make a weapon! A weapon allows me to hunt faster and I can level up!}

{Shut up Vantner. Isn’t your current weapon good enough thanks to Grid? It is a good weapon, even if it can’t be compared with Pon’s or Ibellin’s. And you are a tanker. Right now, you are useless in raids. ^^}

{ㅠㅠ Master…}

{What? Do you have something to say?}

{No… I don’t…}

Not just Vantner, but all members regardless of age and gender, submitted to Jishuka. They normally acted as family and friends, but once an order dropped, they would follow it unconditionally. It showed how much the guild members trusted Jishuka.

{I already have an armor production method. But I haven’t yet obtained all the necessary materials. It will take up to half a day. Until then, feel free to do whatever you want.}

“Half a day…”

It was ambiguous to make one item in half a day.

“Should I hunt for the first time in a while? The place I wanted to see…”

 

There were hunting grounds of various levels in Winston, ranging from those for beginners and those for rankers.

The hunting ground most popular among users above level 150 was the Golem’s Labyrinth. The golems in the labyrinth were designed by a magician to protect his hidden treasures, so it was suitable to make money due to all the magic stones and minerals dropping. The experience was also worth it.

But there was a fundamental problem. Golems had a strong defense and were almost immune to physical attacks. So the Golem’s Labyrinth was nothing more than a private hunting ground for magicians.

Most parties consisted of either magicians and healers or a paladin, magician, and healer. No physical attackers could be found at all. In this place, there was one person who came alone and was holding a greatsword.

People laughed at him.

“Hey Mister, did you come here to hunt?”

“Yes.”

“Ha? Really? Without a party?”

“I like solo play…”

“Pfff!”

“Kilkil! A beginner!”

People started laughing at the greatsword wielding man. A warrior who came to hunt golems alone seemed to be lacking common sense. On the one hand, the greatsword wielding man didn’t care about the people laughing at him.

Dozens of people watched as he approached the golem with loud footsteps. Then he stabbed with his greatsword without delay.

“Pagma’s Swordsmanship, Kill!”

Peeeeeong!

“…!”

It was an incredible sight. The giant iron golem, which couldn’t be damaged even by dozens of swords, went flying towards one side of the wall from one blow of the greatsword? The crowd was stunned. Someone shouted,

“W-Wait a minute…! That helmet and black greatsword…! Isn’t he the human butcher who smashed the Giant Guild on his own, instantly boosting himself into fame?”

“T-That’s right! I see it now! The Cruel Butcher!”

“Kyaaak! He actually looks scarier!”

“Wow… Really dirty… He really did shatter the Giant Guild alone.”

Meanwhile, the helmet-wearing Grid was confused as he held the greatsword.

‘Its health only decreased by half, even though I used Kill? This is really hard.’

Kill was a deadly blow. In addition, Dainsleif dealt more damage the higher the opponent’s defense was. So Grid thought he could easily hunt the golems. But he was wrong. The golems of the labyrinth were much harder than Grid expected.

‘However, I have a method.’

Grid put away Dainsleif and pulled out a pickaxe from his inventory. It was the finest pickaxe made directly by him. He had 100% understanding of the pickaxe, so red dots started appearing all over the golem’s body.

Grid aimed his pickaxe at the red dots. Then…

Kaaang! Kaaang!

 

[Iron ore has been acquired.]

[Deluxe Iron ore has been acquired.]

[Three damaged orichalcum has been acquired.]

 

Except for the magic stones that served the role of an engine, the golem was made up of only minerals! He was a legendary blacksmith and had 100% understanding of the pickaxe, so the golems were just a mine in front of Grid who was an excellent miner.

“…What the hell is this?”

Every time the golem was hit by the pickaxe, minerals would drop, causing the users to become amazed at the sight. They could barely hunt the golems when pouring out magic, so Grid hunting them with a pickaxe was an unreasonable sight.

“Just one time…”

A paladin user who had a miner side job happily caught a golem passing by before pulling out a pickaxe and hitting the golem hard.

Chaaeng!

“…Kkeok!”

The paladin user screamed and grabbed his wrist that felt like it was broken after hitting the golem with a pickaxe. The golem wasn’t even scratched as it turned its hard to verify the paladin and struck out.

Meanwhile, Grid approached another golem and started mining after knocking it down. Minerals once again poured out from the golem. Grid was excited as he exclaimed,

“Kukukuk…! What is this? It is really good! Kuahahahat!”

Grid’s face was covered by the skull helmet and he seemed like a psychopath as he kept swinging the pickaxe at the golems. The users were terrified.

“What, so scary…”

People were wary of him because Grid had the power to one-sidedly kill the Giant Guild. The distance increased until they were no longer in danger, and then they fled.

Thanks to the wide labyrinth, Grid was left alone.

However, Grid didn’t pay attention to his surroundings because he was fully absorbed in collecting minerals. He collected more minerals than he originally aimed for because he was alone. He also gained a level.

Then a whisper from Jishuka camem

–Grid, the preparation of the materials is over.

“Okay, I will go back now.”

Grid hummed at his inventory full of minerals and left the labyrinth. No, he was going to leave but he got lost in the labyrinth.  

“No, damn! What is this? Why is this place so complicated? Where have all the people gone? Damn! Even if I want to ask for directions, I can’t because there are no people! This #^%!$~#!”

Grid wandered around for a while. But no matter how much he wandered, he couldn’t find the exit to the labyrinth and eventually called the guild.

{I’m in the Golem’s Labyrinth, can someone come and help me?}

“Huh?”

Grid had been leaning against a wall while chatting, and his eyes suddenly widened. It was because the wall was collapsing.

“W-What? Aaaaack~~!

Grid’s body fell down along with the wall.

Kuuong!

“Cough! Cough! Huh?”

Grid was struggling with the pain of falling when he suddenly shivered. I raised my head and saw a golem that was at least five times the size of the other golems in the labyrinth.

“…What?”

Kuweeeeeoh!

 

[The Guardian of the Labyrinth has woken up from a long sleep.]

[The magical traps set up by the Great Magician Braham has been triggered.]

[You have suffered 205,100 damage.]

[You have suffered 399,000 damage.]

[You have suffered 174,340 damage.]

[A legend doesn’t die easily. You can resist all attacks for 5 seconds with a minimum of health.]

 

Pepeng! Kakakakak!

The magic traps were continuously activated and all types of attribute attacks hit Grid. However, Grid became invincible due to his passive activation and survived all the attacks. Fortunately, the traps finished before Grid’s invincibility duration was over.

Finally, the Guardian of the Labyrinth moved. Grid took the highest quality health potion and made a grim expression.

‘The invincible passive’s cooldown time is one day. Losing my insurance at the start is the very worst.’

He couldn’t see a way to escape. Grid decided that he needed to defeat the Guardian of the Labyrinth to escape and grabbed Dainsleif.