Approximately 10 minutes later. After hammering a few times while squatting in front of the lava, Grid stood up and cheered.

“Good! It’s complete!”

Jishuka and Vantner asked from where they were watching on the side.

“Already? What is it?”

It wasn’t possible to know the identity of the item made by Grid. Who would imagine a small cylindrical object with two wires attached was a key?

“Watch.”

Grid confidently entered the cave. Then he chose the old wooden box among the two remaining and he placed the wire… No, he inserted the key.

“Open!”

Due to making numerous items, Grid’s dexterity was now over 1,600. Considering that Khan was known as the best blacksmith in the north and he had around 600 dexterity, Grid’s dexterity was unique. And the Master Key was an item affected by dexterity. As long as Grid used this key, there was no lock that couldn’t be opened.

Clink!

The rusty padlock on the old wooden box was released with a loud sound. Then a bright purple light came from the open box.

“Ohh!!”

Grid cheered as he verified what was inside the box.

 

[Braham’s Boots]

Rating: Unique

Durability: 140/150    Defense: 130

Movement Speed: +10%

* 20% reduction in skill cooldown time.

* The skill ‘Fly’ will be generated.

Boots that Great Magician Braham loved.

The boots go to just below the knee, but they aren’t inconvenient because they are made of griffon leather.

The black iron guards gives off a wonderful appearance and has high defense. The pattern of silver embroidered clouds adds a classic charm.

It is imbued with Braham’s mysterious magic.

User Restriction: Level 240 or higher.

Weight: 50

 

Pagma’s Swordsmanship was made up of the strongest skill tree. But each skill had a fatal drawback in the long cooldown time. In particular, Kill and Transcend were the two most powerful skills, but their cooldown time was too long. Therefore, they couldn’t be used efficiently.

The option of a 20% reduction in skill cooldown time on Braham’s Boots was like a brilliant light for Grid.

‘Furthermore, Fly magic is attached…’

Wasn’t Fly an exclusive skill of a few magicians?

 

[Fly]

Summons invisible wings of magic power to fly like a bird. 

Flying speed is proportional to the caster’s magic power. There are no restrictions on height, but be careful about oxygen deficiency.

Skill Mana Cost: 2 per second.

 

“Kuk…!”

Vantner enthusiastically urged Grid.

“Please share the information about the boots with me!”

Vantner saw that the boots inside the chest clearly had a high value. He wanted to know their performance. Jishuka was the same. She didn’t ask directly like Vantner, but her intensely shining eyes expressed her curiosity. She looked very cute trying to restrain herself.

“Heh… If you are curious about what I have gained…”

Grid shared the item information with a boastful expression. Both people saw it and freaked out.

“Heok… Fly?”

Magicians had to have their second advancement to acquire flying magic. A user needed to be at least level 200 to get their second advancement. In other words, it meant the number of magicians who had learned flying magic at this point could be counted on one hand.

Yet anyone who wore these boots could use Fly? It was an extremely rare item!

“These shoes are really amazing. I can only admire it.”

“Being able to fly… The options attached are really great. The defense is also excellent, so anyone would covet these boots.” Vantner’s words were sincere. “Can you sell it to me? I have a lot of money. I will buy it for an expensive price. Yes?”

Imagine it! The ability to fly freely in the sky! It was a rare opportunity to buy a privilege that only senior magicians could enjoy. Vantner sincerely wanted Braham’s Boots. He was willing to invest a fortune.

In addition, Grid had already tasted the goodness of money. He could clearly feel people’s gazes towards him changing after he drove an expensive car. He received special treatment wherever he went. Grid was able to realize why people bragged with foreign cars and luxury bags.

‘Yes, my goal is to be rich.’

Grid no longer wanted to live like a beggar. He would no longer experience the sadness of having no money. He made so much money that he could eat chicken whenever he wanted, and could add two eggs to ramyun if he wanted. 

However, there was no need to rush. The debt was already paid and he had a stable income source. He had also bought a car already. In the end, Grid rejected Vantner’s offer.

“I’m not in a hurry for money… These shoes are very useful for me, so I don’t want to sell it right now.”

Vantner felt regret.

“Kuk… Then it can’t be helped.”

Braham’s Boots’s had a level limit of 240. Grid was only level 114 so it would take him a while to wear it. But Vantner didn’t say anything else. What could he do if the owner didn’t want to sell it?

‘Maybe he won’t make my item if I irritate him…’

Grid patted the shoulder of the depressed Vantner.

“Don’t worry. Mister, I am going to make your armor, right? I’ll make a great item for you. Of course, as long as you give me a good production method.”

Grid was confident.  He had already made a unique spear and legendary sword. These words were naturally reassuring.

Vantner grinned. “That sounds good. The armor production method we have is special~ So I will believe you. But… Why are you calling me Mister? I am the same age as Pon! If you call Pon by his name, why are you calling me Mister?”

To Grid, Pon looked to be in his late 20’s. On the other hand, Vantner was at least in his 50’s. Vantner seemed like a madman whenever he insisted that he was the same age as Pon. So as usual, Grid dismissed it and approached the last remaining box.

‘The most ordinary box…’

It wasn’t too flashy or too old, just a normal box. What was inside it?

“I shall check it!”

Destroying the giant monster and finding treasure chests! Grid was like a hero in a story. The atmosphere was full of excitement as he shouted. Then he pulled out the master key and inserted it. 

Clink clink.

“…”

Grid squirming as he wriggled the wire around in the padlock was very unsightly. Jishuka became enraged as she watched him.

‘He really seems like a thief.’

As she thought about Phoenix Arrow being used to make wires, she became more irate. It happened as Jishuka’s patience was starting to wane.

Clink!

The last box finally opened. What treasure would appear?

Gulp!

Grid, Jishuka and Vantner gulped with anticipation and tension. Then from inside the box, a sharp streak of light struck Grid’s heart.

Peeng!

“…?!”

It was a sudden accident. Jishuka and Vantner couldn’t react. They were forced to watch as a colleague died under their noses.

“Grid?”

“D-Dead?”

An untimely blow. The speed was too quick. It struck exactly at the heart, so Grid would be fatally wounded. Jishuka was furious as she confirmed that Grid was thrown back.

“Who dares kill a guild member in front of me?”

Her sharp gaze was fixed on the iron box. Then white smoke emerged from the box. There was someone inside. Vantner pulled out his twin axes. Then he yelled from next to Jishuka.

“You! You won’t be safe after touching a Tzedakah Guild member! I’ll make you pay for killing Grid!”

As Vantner’s scream sounded through the cave, Grid jumped up from where he had been lying.

“Why are you treating me as someone who is dead?”

“Grid? Yes?”

Jishuka and Vantner turned their heads and stared at Grid with surprise. Then they saw an egg floating in front of Grid.

“What? That egg?”

It was a really strange sight. Grid shrugged at both of them.

“I’m not sure…”

The egg that Grid obtained from the first treasure chest. The shape, color and even weight was perfectly like a normal egg. He threw it into a corner, but it flew over and protected him?

‘It isn’t an ordinary egg.’

Grid recalled the moment when he opened the last box. 

A light flashed as soon as the box open and a sharp blade of magic power aimed at his heart. Grid fully expected to die. But at that moment, the egg suddenly flew over and protected Grid from the attack.

It was fast and moved by itself! It also had excellent durability. This wasn’t a mere egg. The egg was obviously a tremendous unique item.

‘It isn’t a simple chicken egg but the egg of a mythical creature… Is such a thing possible?’

Maybe it was a dragon!

‘The egg is small, but who knows? Is there any law that a dragon egg can’t be small?’

Duguen! Duguen! Duguen!

Maybe he would be the first one to have a dragon as a pet in Satisfy. Grid’s heart thudded in anticipation and it started to resonate throughout the cave.

Then the eggshell moved! Jjejejeok! It cracked open. What type of life would hatch? Grid watched with a blank expression. The shell was completely peeled off, but the contents weren’t a living creature.

It was a lump of metal in liquid form. Yes, the lump was exactly the size of the egg. While mercury was silver, this metal was gold. It was like gold water.

“What is this?”

Susuk. Sususuk.

Grid was stunned at the lump of gold in front of him. In the meantime, someone’s shadow appeared from the box that was emitting smoke.

