Grid was stunned at the lump of gold in front of him. In the meantime, someone's shadow appeared from the box that was emitting smoke. Jishuka detected it and reflexively attacked.

Paang!

She loaded an arrow in less than a second and fired. How would the presence reply to the rapid-fire attack?

Peng!

"Eh?"

"What?"

Jishuka and Vantner were shocked. The shadow protruding from the box extended a finger and burned Jishuka's arrow to ashes.

[I'm not welcome in the world after 300 years? It's sad.]

The shadow was a long-haired, handsome man. The eyes that could be seen through the flowing hair were sharp. He looked at Jishuka and Vantner in turn, before looking at Grid like he wasn't interested in them. 

'This man, he is strong. At minimum, he's on the same level as Malacus.'

He had directly invalidated Jishuka's quick fire attack. Jishuka and Vantner were certain they would lose if they fought. They were relieved that he wasn't interested in them. But Grid was different. He was unable to grasp the situation and shouted furiously at the one who tried to kill him.

"You jerk! Why are you trying to kill a person all of a sudden? You lousy bastard! How are you going to take responsibility for your actions? Huh? Heok?”

Grid, who had pulled out Dainsleif, suddenly winced with fear and backed down. The man who appeared from the box had a transparent body and his feet were floating in the air. He was a ghost.

“H-Hik…!”

He thought a person with a flexible body had emerged from the small box, but it was actually a ghost.

Grid was an army soldier who dedicated himself to his country, but he was sadly weak against ghosts. He was filled with so much fear he thought he would urinate. His face was pale and stricken.

'I should've entered the marines!'

Grid was caught up in a belated regret when the ghost spoke to him.

[You survived my magic traps. You opened all three boxes that had different types of locks. Since you were protected by the pavranium, are you Pagma’s Descendant?]

"Pagma’s Descendant? What is that?"

"Shh. Grid's quest seems to be progressing. Be quiet and don't interrupt."

Jishuka withdrew to a corner and brought the bewildered Vantner with her. Her eyes were shining as she stared at Grid and the ghost talking.

'This is an opportunity to find out exactly what Grid's class is.'

On the other hand, Grid started to recover from seeing a ghost.

'He mentioned Pagma’s Descendant… Is the stagnant class quest going to proceed again?'

Grid's spirit had now completely recovered. He took a deep breath and replied.

“That’s right. I am Pagma's Descendant. Who are you?"

The ghost man responded.

[I was known as the Great Magician Braham. Did you come to the labyrinth that I designed for the minerals? If you are Pagma's Descendant, you should've been interested in this place a long time ago. You don't seem to have much curiosity and attachment to minerals, unlike Pagma.]

This ghost claimed to be the legendary great magician, Braham! If Grid interpreted what he was saying, the Golem's Labyrinth seemed to be a place created for Pagma’s Descendant. It was a very attractive place to Grid because the golems were made of many minerals and the labyrinth itself was a mine. He was able to collect minerals from anywhere in the labyrinth. 

'I would've come sooner if I heard about this place earlier… But…'

It was ludicrous.

"You made a place like this because you were waiting for me? No, what if I never came here in my whole life?"

[I've created 27 more places like this across the continent. Even if it was delayed, I believed that one day there would be a meeting. Personally, I hoped that the meeting would be sooner.]

“…So why did you want to meet me?"

Braham pointed at the metal floating in front of Grid.

[Its name is pavranium. It is the pinnacle of all minerals created with Pagma's skill and my magic. It's harder than the god's metal adamantium, lighter than mithril, and has a good compatibility with magic power. It also has the outstanding elasticity of jaffa.]

"What?"

A mineral containing all the advantages of top-class minerals? If this was true, it could truly be called the peak.

[…It can decide by itself and move with its own will. That is its only drawback.]

'A mineral made by Pagma…'

Grid no longer heard Braham's voice. He was lost in the richness and beauty of the pavranium that was floating in the air.

Could he handle a mineral made by Pagma? He would like to try, even if he failed. What would be the result if he made an item with this mineral? It was a chance to indirectly experience Pagma's skill through the mineral he created.

Curiosity dominated Grid. But Braham didn't like that Grid wasn't focusing on him. He pointed his narrow finger once more. Then ttak! Flames were generated.  It was the fire that burned Jishuka's arrow. The fireball flew towards Grid's face and exploded.

Kwaang!

"Crazy..!"

Once again, the pavranium protected Grid. Grid was safe due to its fast actions, then he gritted his teeth.

"What? Why are you suddenly attacking me again?"

Braham's gaze was directed towards the pavranium, not Grid.

[That damn piece of metal… You're still showing favoritism towards the blacksmith.]

"Hey! What was that? Eh? You are crazy! Why did you attack me all of a sudden?"

Grid was upset at being ignored. Braham's gaze shifted back to him. Braham briefly explained why he attacked. 

[Stay focused.]

“…”

It was the attitude of an expensive tutor! Grid didn't like it, but he focused in order to progress the quest. Then Braham started his explanation.

[The end of life… I hoped for Pagma to make me something. I only helped Pagma make pavranium so that my wish could be fulfilled. It took us 9 years and 11 months to complete pavranium. But there was a limit. Pagma, who was full of strength and health, died shortly after the completion of pavranium. Even someone who was revered as a legend couldn't escape the years and died of old age.]

“…”

[It was in vain. Everything I hoped to accomplish seemed lost. I visited the dwarves and asked them to make something from the pavranium, but their tiny masses of muscle couldn't even smelt it. I was desperate! I felt despair!]

Braham screamed before coming closer to Grid. His eyes were filled with mixed emotions like anger, joy and even madness.

[But now I met you! Pagma's Descendant! I want you to achieve the last hope that Pagma couldn't fulfill! Make it! The Vessel of the Soul! Reward all my efforts to protect the pavranium even after my death!]

"The Vessel of the Soul?"

Then a notification window flashed in front of Grid.

[Pagma's Descendant]

Difficulty: Class quest.

You have surely inherited Pagma's blacksmith skills, as well as his swordsmanship. 

But you still don't know who Pagma was.

Who was Pagma? If he was simply a blacksmith with good skills, his legends wouldn't be scattered across the continent.

Follow the legends of Pagma. If you can collect all of the legends, you will truly understand Pagma and succeed his will. 

At that moment, a new legend will be born.

* There is no time limit for this class quest.

* The legendary class quest has the power to transform Satisfy's world, according to the result.

Class Quest Clear Conditions: Complete all linked quests successfully.

Class Quest Clear Reward: Unknown.

* Second Class Quest: [Great Magician's Resurrection.]

The legendary great magician Braham was a genius. He reigned as the best magician ever since he started learning magic. There was a myth that he survived against the fire dragon Trauka without dying. As he grew old, he started mourning the fact that he was a mortal. Mentally and physically, he had already transcended humanity. Therefore, he wanted to become immortal.

After much research, he designed the 'Vessel of the Soul' that would regenerate his mortal soul into an immortal soul. But the Vessel of the Soul is an object that doesn't exist in this world and is impossible to create.

He searched for an entirely new mineral that could be used as a material for the Vessel of the Soul and learned that his old friend Pagma was trying to create a mineral that wasn't part of this world. He went to Pagma and assisted in the work. The two combined their power and created the mineral called pavranium.

Braham had no doubts that pavranium could be used to make the Vessel of the Soul. But the only blacksmith who could smelt pavranium was Pagma, who unfortunately died of old age.

In the end, Braham didn't achieve his wish!

He looked forward to the day that Pagma's Descendant would be born to create the Vessel of the Soul, creating 28 mines and setting up a maze all over the place before he died. Each labyrinth is full of minerals, and he believed that it would be enough to lure Pagma’s Descendant.

Now 300 years have passed. Out of 28 pieces of Braham's soul that were sealed in 28 labyrinths, one has finally encountered you.

Braham wants you to make the Vessel of the Soul. Through the Vessel of the Soul, he will be resurrected with the soul and body of an immortal.

* Second Class Quest Clear Condition: Create the Vessel of the Soul.

Second Class Quest Clear Reward: A large amount of pavranium.

“A large amount of pavranium? This isn't all of the pavranium?"

[Didn't I say that 27 more labyrinths are scattered across the continent? 27 more pavranium also exist. If you make the Vessel of the Soul with that pavranium, I will give you the rest.]

Adamantium was said to be from the world of the gods. The human world only contained a very small amount, making it the rarest among all minerals. But a large amount of adamantium in the world of the gods couldn't be ruled out.

On the other hand, pavranium was an artificially produced mineral. The method of creating it no longer existed in this world. The volume was more limited than adamantium. Not just that, the performance was also superior to adamantium. The opportunity to get such a valuable mineral wasn't something that Grid could miss. He also had no reason to refuse the class quest.

Grid easily made a decision and nodded.

"Okay! I will make the Vessel of the Soul!"

But there was one problem.

“How do I make it? Can I just make a rice bowl?"

[Rice bowl?]

The Vessel of the Soul that would unite 28 torn pieces of soul and regenerate it into an immortal soul was likened to a rice bowl! The furious Braham wanted to kill Grid right now. But he suppressed it and barely managed to explain.

[The god of health and wisdom, Judar. The god of war, Dominion. The goddess of light, Rebecca. The god of darkness and pestilence, Yatan. Let them bless the pavranium. After that, use the divine pavranium to make whatever bowl you like, as long as it can hold something. Then bring it to me. Don't be late.]

Grid expressed his disapproval.

“I have to get a blessing from the four gods? How can I do that? In particular, I have a hostile relationship with the Yatan Church."

[In the past, I forcefully overpowered each church and asked them to bless it… If that's impossible, try to figure out another method. Flatter or beg them. Either way, you must do it by any means.]

Braham seemed like he was going to kill Grid if it wasn't done. Then his soul started to fade away. He was just one of 28 pieces of soul, so it was difficult to maintain this form for long.

[Th…en Pag…ma's Des…cend…ant… I be…lieve in yo…u…]

It was like watching a video. Braham used his strength to say final words before completely disappearing.

Grid's thoughts became busy.

'Thanks to the Malacus raid, my affinity with the Rebecca, Dominion and Judar churches has risen. I don't know whether this affinity is high or low, but at least I won't be killed. Yes, the problem is the Yatan Church. Dammit! How can I receive a blessing from God Yatan?'

On the other hand, Jishuka watched the event quietly and sent a whisper to Laella, the guild's magician.

–Do you know the magician called Braham?

Laella answered immediately.

-Absolutely. Braham is the strongest magician in history. Most of the magic in Satisfy is created by Braham and he could be called the teacher of all magicians. There is no magician who doesn't know of Braham.

–Heh… He is that big? Then what about Pagma? Who is Pagma?

–Pagma? I'm not sure… This is the first time I've heard of him.

Pagma and Braham were the greatest blacksmith and magician of all time, with numerous legends about them. NPCs were familiar with historical people like Pagma and Braham because they had been studying Satisfy's history from a young age.

But it was different for users. Unlike NPCs, users only investigated their own interests.  Jishuka was an archer, so she didn't know about Braham, while the magician Laella only knew about Braham and was completely unaware of Pagma.

Jishuka gave an order to Vantner.

“I want you to investigate who Pagma is."

If they knew who Pagma was, they could naturally grasp the identity of Grid, who was Pagma's Descendant.

'I originally hadn't planned to dig deeper…'

Grid was presumed to have a legendary hidden class. She couldn't miss the chance to know what this class was.

"Huh?"

Jishuka's eyes widened while she was lost in thought. It was because Grid's body had started to float in the air.

"Ah! The boots…! How is this possible?"

Vantner was shocked after discovering that Grid was using Braham's Boots. Didn't Braham's Boots have a level limit of 240? Meanwhile, Grid was only level 114. Originally, Grid shouldn't be able to wear this item.

'Actually, the cloak Grid is wearing is Malacus' Cloak… I remember that Malacus' Cloak has a level limit of 200.' Jishuka recalled how Grid was able to wield Ibellin's Thorn of Deep Grievance. 'Maybe Grid can use all items, regardless of the conditions of use?'

She kept being surprised the more she knew about Grid. Meanwhile, Grid flew to the ceiling of the collapsed underground space and said to the two of them.

"I will return to the smithy first."

Peeng!

Grid rose through the top of the ceiling and instantly disappeared from sight. Jishuka and Vantner cried out in admiration.

"Kuk~~~~~! Amazing!"

“…It is more amazing than I thought. This game truly is about the power of items. Right?"

They imagined how awesome Grid looked flying around and wielding a greatsword. Maybe it would cause a big wave. A warrior who could fly had appeared! A warrior taking away the magic of magicians! The headlines continued in a similar manner.

In fact, he was a blacksmith.