Out of the all normal class players, the amount of those who had never lost their number one spot in the rankings was small enough to be counted on one hand. One of them was Zednos. Few magician players could match his unique understanding of magic and how to use it. Zednos was someone the magician rankers took as a role model.

‘He is really... beyond my imagination.’

Zednos, like the other Overgeared members, dreamt of changing to a hidden class. He had constantly collected and studied the history of magic and magicians in order to obtain clues. Braham’s magical skills currently being shown were more than what was known. It was unparalleled.

‘There were many interpretations that Braham’s enhanced magic was developed from a combination of Haksen’s highest point magic and Jessica’s echo magic, but that isn’t it at all.’

Haksen’s highest point magic maximized the consumption of mana to greatly amplify the magic power. Jessica’s echo magic superimposed multiple spells together to enhance the magic. The context of increasing the magic damage was the same but it was different in many ways.

Highest point magic was magic that turned one spell into the power of five whereas echo magic was magic that simultaneously cast five spells and stacked their powers as one. They had completely different power and function depending on the situation.

Both magics had clear drawbacks. Highest point magic consumed so much mana that it led to exhaustion. In particular, there were cases when the user self-destructed because they often unwillingly used Origin True Energy. It was a self-destruct magic that killed the enemies and themselves at the same time. That’s why highest point magic died out over the course of history.

On the other hand, echo magic boasted an amazing stability. Even if five spells were completed and deployed at the same time, the mana cost would only be equivalent to two spells. The downside was that it didn’t apply to intermediate and senior magic. Echo magic was an unfinished study that only applied to 67 types of magic, classified as the basic and low-grade magic.

Of course, this alone was so powerful that Jessica made a name for herself as a legendary great magician of war.

‘Braham’s enhanced magic on the other hand...’

One spell had the power of 10 but the mana cost was at an acceptable level. It improved the power without stacking multiple spells on top of each other. It was completely different from echo magic and there was too much difference in power and safety to claim it was based on highest point magic. 

‘It’s an amazingly perfect spell. It is an area that is impossible with conventional magic and common sense. Did Braham apply blood magic?’

It was said that the strength of blood magic was determined by the innate concentration of magic in one’s blood. Perhaps Braham’s enhanced magic should be a study where the parameter of ‘strong blood’ was added. It explained why Braham’s disciples failed to master the enhanced magic.

‘If this hypothesis is wrong then it just means Braham is an overwhelming genius...’

Braham’s advance continued while Zednos was thinking. He was at the forefront of the group and didn’t head straight to Fenrir’s room. He toured every corner of the city and slaughtered all the vampires that emerged from their coffins. It was strange to say but Braham’s flames were very neat.

There were no side effects to his allies. Only the vampires were burned and disappeared into ashes. He didn’t create miracles, like the red phoenix’s flames that gave his teammates a healing effect. However, Zednos recognized Braham’s flames as similar to a divine ability.

Many people noticed that Braham’s flames burned depending on the situation. Braham seemed to be able to coordinate what the flames perceived as an enemy in real time. He was in complete control of his magic. The so-called great magicians were obsessed with the formula while Braham’s magic changed shape as needed.

‘He is just a fraudulent character...’

Zednos was convinced. Braham’s enhanced style magic wasn’t based on blood magic. It wasn’t an incomplete concept dependent on the innate blood. Rather, it was a perfect formula created purely through knowledge.

‘Braham is definitely the best magical genius in the world...?’

Chill.

Zednos got goosebumps as he grasped the reality of enhanced magic and realized Braham’s greatness. That’s why Mumud, who even Braham was jealous of, came to mind. A person who was even more outstanding than Braham.

‘Will Euphemina one day become the strongest?’

Euphemina would inherit Mumud’s magic. The moment she freed Lich Mumud from Agnus, she would have Mumud’s complete magic in her hands. Wouldn’t Euphemina become the new supreme at that time?

Zednos looked at Grid. Grid was watching with a yawn as Braham slaughtered thousands of vampires. He wasn’t a magician and couldn’t realize Braham’s greatness, so he wasn’t very inspired.

“...!”

Zednos’ eyes widened. Hundreds of bats flew in the darkness and transformed into a beautiful woman who attacked Grid. It happened in an instant and seemed dangerous because she appeared behind Grid. However, Grid dodged without seeing the attack of the true blood vampire. He reached out lightly and pushed the chest of the true blood vampire. Then...

“...!”

The true blood vampire with red cheeks was pushed back by force and took a few steps back. Braham stood right next to her.

“Toss~” Grid shouted lightly.

Braham’s flames spread up the true blood vampire’s body like a snake, gathered together and then exploded.

“...!”

Zednos couldn’t keep his eyes off Grid. Up until a few years ago, hadn’t Grid been nervous facing the true blood vampires? Of course, he was comparing the past Grid to the recent Grid who beat Orc Lord Teruchan and 22nd Great Demon Berith, but the true blood vampires were never easy opponents. He had heard that Blood King Candidate had the effect of weakening true blood vampires but the difference was too great. It was like seeing the difference between a child and an adult.

“......”

“......”

It wasn’t just Zednos. The other Overgeared members also looked like they had seen a ghost. It was natural. After competing against Teruchan, Grid had grown from meeting Biban, absorbed the Dragon Pill, wrote a third epic, and made Braham’s set. All his stats increased by 75 points and Grid had experienced a historic growth.

Grid was rapidly becoming stronger even if he wasn’t yet aware of it. It was much more than when he fought Teruchan. Anyone who wasn’t surprised by the sudden development wouldn’t have common sense.

“Why are you like this? What’s going on?”

The atmosphere was strange and Grid was puzzled. Now that he had grown to a level where he didn’t know the difference between a true blood vampire and a regular vampire, he didn’t understand the astonishment of the guild members.

Zednos shook his head. ‘The supreme person won’t change.’

Braham reached level 406 in just half a day. It was the result of slaughtering all the vampires and familiars in Fenrir’s city. The true blood vampires and regular vampires were just trash derived from the direct descendants and weren’t kin, so Braham’s slaughter was unstoppable. Noll unwittingly shed tears at the terrible sight since he inherited the ‘kindness’ characteristic from Beriache.

“Be prepared,” Braham spoke solemnly to Grid as they finally arrived before Fenrir’s room. “The moment I open the door, throw the skewer as far away as possible. The moment the dog comes out to chase it, we will close the door and go in, isolating Fenrir.”

"Yes," Grid responded with a determined expression.

Braham’s worry about Fenrir when he slaughtered thousands of vampires so easily made Grid nervous. Even Piaro was a bit nervous.

“I'll open it on the count of three.”

Braham nodded when he put his hand on the door handle and Grid pulled out the skewer.

“Three!”

“...!”

He didn’t count from one? Braham opened the door the moment he shouted ‘three’ and the panicked Grid tried to throw the skewer.

[Your blood has cooled down. Your body temperature is falling sharply and all stats will drop dramatically.]

The notification window entered the view of Grid and the Overgeared members. Vast waves of blood rushed out of the room. Braham, who should’ve cast attack magic, immediately deployed a wide area shield to protect Grid and the Overgeared members. The entire city was shaken when the waves of blood collided with the shield. Suddenly, screams filled the area and Braham frowned. “Foxy guy... you were ready.”

This huge city was no different from Fenrir’s body. Fenrir couldn’t not know the existence of intruders. Braham had expected that Fenrir would appear after being temporarily freed from the Curse of Idleness by Grid. That’s why he hurried to kill Fenrir’s subordinates before Fenrir could emerge and properly exert his power of ‘domination.’

Yet Fenrir didn’t show up and Braham noticed Fenrir’s intentions. Fenrir would wait in the room and accumulate as much domination as possible over the wolves. Then the intruders would be ambushed the moment they opened the door, giving him the upper hand. That’s why Braham deliberately said he was going to open on the count of three in a loud voice before opening the door. Braham planned to prevent the ambush rather than get hit by Fenrir.

However, this plan was in vain because Fenrir attacked the moment the door was open, as if he expected it. The waves of blood flowed like a tsunami and collided several times with Braham’s shield. Then the inside of the room, dyed with sticky blood, entered Grid’s field of view.

A person was standing alone in the darkness. It was so dark that they couldn’t see his face but people immediately knew his identity.

[You have encountered Vampire Marquis Fenrir.]

[A strong evil influence is making your magic power turbid. All types of spells and skills aren’t available.]

[A vampire’s gaze will subdue lower species. You will lose your willpower and control over your body.]

[Fenrir is dominating your spirit. All sorts of beneficial effects are reversed and will harm you.]

“What is this...”

Some of the Overgeared members were baffled since this was their first time experiencing it. They tried to move their hands but their feet moved forward. They tried to turn their head but their impaired pelvic bone bothered them.

Fenrir’s low voice echoed magnificently, “Braham, you are still immature. In the past when you attacked me, you said you would open the door on the count of three. Then you counted to two and ambushed me. This time, you didn’t even count to one properly.”

“...!”

The group doubted their ears as they turned to look at Braham.

Braham’s expression was imposing. “It isn’t being immature, it is strategy.”