[The rain of battle gears that appeared in Grid's fourth epic?]
[TV broadcasters and streamers from all countries are desperately contacting owners of Grid's battle gears.]

[Grid's epic mentions a myth... has a player become a god?]

[(Column) The difference between the legendary and myth ratings that can be discovered through quest items.]

['Make the scene of writing Grid's epic public!' Hundreds of public organizations around the world are urging the S.A Group.]

『 Grid's fourth epic is causing an unusual ripple. There is a fierce conflict between those who claim that not disclosing Grid's epics, which have a direct influence on the world view, is violating a player's right to know and those who claim that Grid's epics are his private life. 』

The world forgot about the National Competition. Even those who had been waiting for the National Competition throughout the year could only focus on Grid's epic. It meant the celebration of billions of people had been buried by Grid's one action.

Hundreds of companies participating as sponsors of this year's National Competition cursed. If the popularity of the National Competition wasn't strong enough then the publicity effect of the companies would also decrease. This led to a flurry of concerns among them. However, there was one exception...

“Huhu, the largest companies in the world are going to lose money because of my son-in-law.”

It was the Daejin Group. Unlike other companies, Yura's company enjoyed the Grid special. Since Grid was the group's promotional model and there was the perception that Grid was a family member, there was an upward synergistic effect every time Grid was mentioned.

“Um, let's see...”

Chairman Lee Jinmyung logged into WikiXDia and gazed at Grid's image in a pleased manner. He searched for Grid, revisited the contents of the Daejin Group which was linked and muttered, “I'm riding on the coattails of my grandchild.”

Now Chairman Lee Jinmyung was Yura's most ardent supporter. He didn't hesitate to provide all sorts of support to improve Yura's gaming environment so Yura's growth rate was at its highest level ever. Even without Grid, South Korea would play an active part in the National Competition this year...

Lee Jinmyung didn't doubt it.

***

The Eregia Underground Water Dungeon was one of the hardest instance dungeons. It wasn't possible for high ranking players to target it unless there were at least three people in the party. There...

[Your level has risen.]

[You have defeated all the monsters in the dungeon by yourself.]

[Something special will happen when you achieve the Sword Saint hidden piece 'Beginning of Endless Asceticism'!]

Kraugel alone completely conquered it. He quietly closed his eyes as he blocked the bamboo spears fired from the stinking rats with foresight and Control Sword, easily killing the monsters who were called the king of the underground. He wasn't impressed by his accomplishments. This level of achievement didn't give him any inspiration.


'...Duke of Virtue.'

Kraugel closed his eyes and recalled the epic scene. That's right—Kraugel witnessed the epic scene. No, he experienced it. He shared the vision of the White Tiger Sword he lent to Grid and became one of the rain of weapons from the sky. He saw the fear projected in the eyes of the one dreaming of becoming a god.

Chill. Kraugel got goosebumps. He persevered as he endured the pain engraved on his soul every time a weapon was broken and saw the appearance of Grid overwhelming the yangban. He felt something that was beyond a thrill. He saw the future of Grid, who became a god. He knew it was an immutable future.

Kraugel realized the path he had to pursue. A sword that could cut a god.

'Make the ultimate technique.'

If a player could become a god then a player should also be able to cut a god. The picture in Kraugel's mind slowly changed. In the rain of battle gears, it was Kraugel fighting against Grid, not Garam.

***

The light emitted from the Red Phoenix Breath and Red Phoenix Bow gradually resembled a flame. It shook and then suddenly burned Grid's entire body. The startled Grid screamed reflexively but fortunately, he didn't feel any pain.

'What is this harmonizing with?'

Grid regained his composure after confirming that the light wasn't harmful and approached the origin of this unknown phenomenon. On the small altar, there was an unidentified object covered with dust. It was a statue modeled after a small bird but it was still shining with a strong light and showed off its presence.

“This...?” The size of the statue was small enough to be held in one hand. He thought it was a statue modeled after a small bird but the reality was different. Grid shook off the dust and cobwebs and found a familiar form. “The red phoenix?”

At this moment, the beam of light released from the red phoenix statue exploded more strongly and was sucked into the Red Phoenix Bow. There was a vibration and the hot heat of the Red Phoenix Bow was felt.

[The breath of the red phoenix nestled inside the 'Red Phoenix Statue Abandoned for a Long Time' has permeated the Red Phoenix Bow where the Spirit of a Sacred Creature Resides.]

[19 more breaths are needed to restore the red phoenix.]

“...!”

The identity of this haunted house was revealed. This must've been the original shrine where the red phoenix was worshipped. However, as the people's belief in the Four Auspicious Beasts turned to the yangbans, they were gradually forgotten and this shrine was abandoned. They didn't even know that the red phoenix had distributed its breath to people.

'It wasn't a ridiculous quest.'

The difficulty of the Red Phoenix Guardian quest that Grid received was unrealistic. The moment it was known that he had the Red Phoenix Bow, he was surely be tracked back home. It was safe to say that lasting two years without dying more than two times or collecting 20 Red Phoenix Breaths would be impossible for ordinary people to achieve.

Now there was a chance of completing it. He could clear the quest by finding shrines scattered throughout the East Continent.

'The red phoenix sent me here to give me this hint.'

Grid realized why he was resurrected in an unexpected place and completely cleaned up his head, which had been complicated for a while. Then he pulled the Red Phoenix Breath out of his inventory.

'I'm curious.'

He had been curious from the time he received the quest. What would happen if the Red Phoenix Bow absorbed an enhanced breath?

'It would be disgraceful if it is no different from a normal Red Phoenix Breath.'

In the worst case situation, he might not receive a judgment itself. This meant that the system regarded the Strengthened Red Phoenix Breath as a completely separate item from the Red Phoenix Breath.

'Still, let's try it.'

It would be foolish to ignore the possibility of a better result just because he was afraid of losing one of the Red Phoenix Breaths. Unlike others, Grid could secure a large number of Red Phoenix Breaths.

'This place is safe.'

It was a place the red phoenix directly led him to. It was also a place that had been forgotten for many years. At least he didn't have to worry about being chased by Garam while he was here. Determined, Grid went outside the shrine and pulled out a portable furnace. In the process of taking out various tools such as a hammer and anvil, his eyes noticed the forest.

“This?”

Currently, it was autumn in Pangea. Yet the scenery of winter was seen between the long stretches of bamboo. The leaves with white snow were spread out. Was there snow in this season? No. It was the white phosphorus tree. A mysterious tree that controlled fire perfectly despite being a tree. It was known to be impossible to cut because it was hard as dragon iron and as ferocious as an active volcano.

[The Daoist Woodcutting Axe has been equipped.]

'I had wanted to obtain it so this is great.'

Grid's axe slammed into the white phosphorus tree. If the people of the East Continent had seen this sight, they would've expected the axe to split in half and for Grid to be swept away by an explosion. However, Grid's axe was fine. Rather than causing an explosion, the white phosphorus tree was cut and became Grid's firewood.

Grid's first blacksmithing quest was to cut firewood. His axe was adept and the white phosphorus tree couldn't stand it. In an instant, Grid cut down all the white phosphorus trees in the area and looked satisfied.

'This is enough to make 2,000 items.'

It was a good start. He was at his peak condition and started to enhance the Red Phoenix Breath.

[The effect of Duke of Fire infuses your hammer with the flames of willpower.]

[All working speeds are doubled.]

[Duke of Fire]

[* The best master craftsman of this era.

His hammer makes battle gears and his martial power makes peace.

He is the owner of a passion that never turns off, which can sometimes be a poison.

* Increases the willpower stat by 20%.

* Stamina consumption will be reduced by 10%.

* There is a low probability of 'excessive greed' occurring.

★ If you experience excessive greed, you can be active for up to one minute even if you don't have stamina. However, the stamina stat will be permanently reduced in proportion to the time it was active. Please pay attention to the management of stamina.

* The skill 'Fire of Willpower' will be generated.]

[Fire of Willpower (Passive)]

[* Effect when producing items:

All working speeds will double. There is a chance of infusing the 'Breath of the Duke of Fire' in the item.

* Effect in combat:

The attack power of the weapon equipped will increase in proportion to the willpower stat. Additional 'heart' attribute and fire attribute damage will be dealt to the target in proportion to the willpower stat. The heart attribute attack will completely penetrate the target's defense.]

The description of Duke of Fire was very similar to Duke of Wisdom. Duke of Wisdom started as the 'greatest intellectual of the era' but it couldn't be denied that 'sometimes it is a poison.' They were titles that implied a certain degree of danger. On the other hand, Duke of Virtue was different.

[Duke of Virtue]

[* The most benevolent person of this era.

People look up to you due to the generosity and good deeds bestowed with your whole heart.

* Stamina is increased by 35%.]

There were no negative descriptions regarding Duke of Virtue.

The basic effect was as good as the Duke of Fire and Duke of Wisdom.

It could even be asserted that the skill effect was the best.

The only problem was the name of the skill.

[* The skill 'Request to Stand With Me' has been created.]

[Request to Stand With Me]

[Ask for help from those who have been given virtue.

You can ask for help from the battle gears you produced or the people associated with you.

* Effect when asking the battle gears for help:

Summon all the weapons you have produced so far.

The weapons that respond to the call will attack the target you specify according to the attack power when the weapon's owner uses the weapon. The number of attacks can go up to at least six times depending on item rating and it will be returned to its original owner once the number of attacks is consumed.

The durability consumed will be replaced by resources such as your health and mana.

* Effect when asking a person for help:

Ask for help from someone who is within your force or who has good will with you.

You can borrow the target's skill or stats.]

“...” It seemed hard to use in front of people. Grid's expression twisted as the Strengthened Red Phoenix Breath was being completed at his fingertips.