This was the best development for Grid.

'Isn't this the best financial backer!'

He would become the husband of a lady, which meant he could abuse his authority and intercept some taxes. Winston had grown to be one of the cities representing the Eternal Kingdom. The taxes collected here were enormous. He would be rich if he could obtain even a portion of it. In addition, Irene was the successor of a prestigious noble family. If he married her, he could become a high-ranking noble, not just rich.

‘I can simultaneously get riches and power. More than anything else…'

Irene was pretty. She had shiny silver hair. She had big eyes that were slightly curved. Her mouth was always smiling and she had a small nose. Grid got a really gently impression from her. She was famous for her excellent character and was the best female, except that her breasts were average in size.

Grid had no reason to refuse. But there was still something he had to consider.

“Just now, didn't My Lord consider me as a fraud? Now you are suddenly telling me to take your daughter as my bride… Are you serious?"

Earl Steim explained to Grid who was watching suspiciously.

"There is only one person in history who is the best blacksmith and strongest swordsman. He was Pagma."

“…”

“The sword dance you used is very similar to Pagma's swordsmanship described in the legends. No, you aren't a con artist. You are certainly Pagma’s Descendant."

“It's enough that I am Pagma’s Descendant?"

“That’s right! It is enough! Rather, it's the main reason!"

Grid moved his gaze and looked at Irene's reaction. Her face was flushed but the smile indicated that she was feeling positive towards this.

'Huhuhu!'

Grid's mouth watered. After the bad ending of his first love, he thought he would never have a relationship with a woman again. But now he had a chance with Irene! Some people would laugh and say they were just NPCs in a game, but Satisfy was like another reality, not a game. Satisfy's NPCs were just like humans in all respects, from their emotions, thoughts, bodies and physiological needs.

Grid was so thrilled that he shed tears of joy.

‘I am finally going to get rid of my virgin status…!'

It was a great opportunity to get rid of his unwanted virgin status that he had kept for 27 years. At the same time, his status would rise and he would become rich. Grid absolutely couldn't miss this opportunity of a lifetime. But there was one problem.

'I want to marry her straight away and start the first night… But I need to proceed with the class quest… I also need to continue working at the smithy.'

Grid explained the situation.

"I… It is a great honor that I can marry a beautiful and caring lady like Irene. However, it is difficult to marry now because I have a personal matter. In addition, I would like to keep working as a blacksmith after our marriage… Is it okay for the son-in-law of a noble family to be a mere blacksmith?"

“Isn't Pagma's Descendant supposed to be a blacksmith? It isn't your fault that you have to do a blacksmith's job. Rather, it is something to be proud of. The marriage schedule will be set at a comfortable time for you."

"This can't be!"

Bland, who had been unable to lift his head after his defeat to Grid, couldn't bear it anymore and shouted.

"Lord! He is a corrupt being! He has the curse of the gods. He will revive again after dying, and he will never grow old! In other words, he can't be described as a human! Are you really going to accept him as your son-in-law?"

Corrupt was one of the titles that Satisfy's NPCs used to refer to users. In the NPC's point of view, users who couldn't grow old or die weren't humans. So, NPCs considered users to be cursed by the gods. However, there were many NPCs who thought the opposite. It was the case with Earl Steim.

“Why is eternal life a curse? Rather, isn't it a blessing? I don't think of them as corrupt, but blessed beings. They have certainly received the love of the gods. I am glad that the man who will be my daughter's groom is loved by the gods."

Bland gritted his teeth.

“Blessing? You're mistaken! Imagine how Irene will feel growing old alone! How sad and lonely will Irene be? My Lord, right now you are caught up in greed and don't care about Irene at all!"

“It's a matter for both of them to deal with. We shouldn't be quarreling about it."

Irene nodded, “That’s right. Sir Bland, I like Mr. Grid. Mr. Grid's appearance might not change for the rest of my life, but I can cope when I am sad or alone. I want to be with Mr. Grid."

Kwaduduk!

In fact, over the past few years, Bland had confessed to Irene a few times. But Irene never considered Bland in that way and he was forced to give up on her. He chose to become a knight of her family and watch her from a distance.

He sincerely wished for Irene to meet with a great man and be happy. However, the man she selected was a corrupt being!

‘I don't know how this is possible… Is being Pagma's Descendant great enough to transcend his status?'

Pagma was a legend. Bland knew that Pagma was a great figure. However, Grid was the person who inherited Pagma's abilities, not Pagma himself. He was clearly worse than Pagma. Bland wanted to prove that fact. If he could defeat Grid, Pagma's Descendant would seem like a separate entity from Pagma. Then maybe Earl Steim would change his mind.

Bland once again grasped his sword. 

"Grid! I want to reapply for a duel."

Bland had been careless before. If they fought again, he could get better results than before. Bland believed this and strengthened his abilities with all types of buffs. He combined the techniques passed on by Earl Steim with Storm Sword.

Kuwooooh!

The storm generated by Bland's magic made the carpet and decorations shake. In the midst of this mess, Bland's sword emitted a powerful force. The energy was so intense and harsh that Irene was wounded when retreating. 

"Sir Bland! Stop!” Irene shouted at him, but Bland was stubborn.

'I will defeat this guy!'

This was his sacred duty. He would cut off the bond that would make the woman he loved unhappy.

Kwaang!

“Ohhhhhh!”

Bland's body used the storm as a booster engine and quickly approached Grid. Grid's face distorted.

'You want to come again? This kid doesn't understand who he is going against.'

Grid could use Restraint to block him from attacking, could avoid Bland with Fly or defend using pavranium. But Grid chose to go head on. He intended to show Bland the difference in attack power, so that Bland couldn't come again.

"Pagma's Swordsmanship, Kill!"

Peeeeeong!

Intense hate was focused on Dainsleif and collided with Bland's storm blade in front of him. At the same time, the shockwave shattered the pillars and inner walls supporting the room, and the ceiling collapsed instantly.

"Bland, you!"

Bland's actions caused Irene to be seriously hurt. Earl Steim was furious after barely rescuing Irene from the blast.

“You wounded Irene! You have forgotten your duties! My own daughter…!"

Earl Steim stopped in the middle of his words. Bland had already collapsed. On the other hand, Grid had no wounds. He just had a few pieces of his clothes torn off. Grid identified that Irene was in Earl Steim's arms and said with a sad expression.

“My Lady was hurt because of me."

Earl Steim shook his head, “Why is this because of you? It's my fault. In the first place, I suspected you and caused this to happen. I was too rude. I'm sorry."

Earl Steim apologized.

Nobles had high pride. Nobles had no reason to bow down to a person lower than them. But Earl Steim could honestly apologize because he valued responsibilities more than his fellow peers.

'He's a better father-in-law than I thought.'

Grid felt pleased as he asked Earl Steim, “If you are sincerely sorry, can I ask you for one favor?"

Earl Steim smiled at Grid's words.

'He isn't an easy person… Truly the descendant of a legend.'

He liked that ambition.

Earl Steim nodded. “In the first place, you deserve a reward for creating the Sword of Self-transcendence and rescuing Irene. Yes, whatever you want. I will do my best."

“I heard that Earl Steim has a good relationship with the Rebecca Church. I need to see the pope of the Rebecca Church… Can you write an introduction for me? I might be able to meet the pope if I have your introduction."

Earl Steim nodded.

“I understand. Aren't you the one who defeated Malacus? The pope will gladly welcome you.”

After that, the banquet was cancelled due to the turmoil. Grid left the castle after agreeing to marry Irene and receiving the letter of introduction. There was someone waiting for him when he returned to Khan's smithy.

"Are you Grid?"

It was a man with a strong body and tattoos on both cheeks that were reminiscent of animal claws. His grey hair rose into the sky like he had been struck by lightning, attracting the eye.  His ID was 'Toon.' He was one of the six new rankers who joined the Tzedakah Guild not long ago after passing a high strength test.

He commanded Grid.

“I heard you are a great blacksmith? Make a weapon for me. Do you know the one who smashed the Giant Guild on the street before? I want to fight him, but I think I need a better weapon first. So make me a weapon. I will use my new weapon to fight that person. Kyaaack~ spit!"

Toon spat while talking, looking like a typical neighbourhood gangster. Grid was reminded of the Mother’s Heart is Happy employees who harassed him. Grid glared at him like he wanted to kill Toon.

“Do you know where you are spitting right now?"

"Hah? Hahahat!"

Toon blinked at Grid's words. He checked the guild information window and saw that the blacksmith's level was in the early 100s, so he couldn't help finding it cute.

“Hey, your blacksmith skills are great so you can join any guild… But I am different. The reason I joined the guild was to approach that butcher. I will leave the guild immediately after fighting him. Do you understand? Do you know the atmosphere now? Unlike the others, I'm not going to curry favor with you. If you don't want to die, make me a weapon quickly. Eh~? Kyaack! Spit!"

“…”

The six new guild members didn't know that Grid was the helmeted person who destroyed the Giant Guild. It was because the guild wasn't willing to leak information about Grid to those they couldn't trust yet.

“Hey, do you know the ID of that butcher? The other guild members won't speak no matter what I ask. Why do they need to hide it from me? It is just a bother trying to find him… Kyaaack~~ spit!"

Grid's patience reached its limit.

Ah… He was tired from acting nice in front of nobles, and an annoying bastard now appeared in front of him. “Hey, you !#."

This smithy was a very precious place to Grid.

It was the place where his connection with Khan started and the place where he started to work earnestly as a blacksmith. He had lots of memories here and would continue using it in the future. To exaggerate it a little bit, it was his place of destiny. Grid couldn't stand by when this person kept spitting in here.

He was seriously angry as he pulled out the Ideal Dagger.

“You will be punished for defiling my sacred space."

"Pfff!" Toon grabbed his belly and started to laugh. "Puhahahat! Hey~ Doesn't this blacksmith seem really angry? Sacred space? Kuhahaha! I will kill you once!"

Clink!

Toon swung his right hand vigorously. Then three blades sprang out from the wrist blades at his wrists. Toon approached Grid with a menacing look in his eyes.

"You dare take a weapon out in front of me? Die."

He was serious. Toon was determined to kill Grid once so that Grid wouldn't argue anymore.

Chaaeng!

Toon swung his wristblades like they were a beast's foot, aiming at Grid's chest. Grid defended with the Ideal Dagger and was half pushed down.

'Three or four times?'

Grid was confused. After the Malacus raid, his strength had grown steadily from making unique and legendary items, as well as repeated level ups. Therefore, it was now above 1,000. He was confident that he could compete with anyone in strength.

But he was completely pushed in this match against Toon.

Kikik! Kkikikik!

The dagger shook as the wrist blades pressed down on it. Grid eventually stepped back as the tip of the longest blade touched his chest. He tilted the dagger and flowed around the wrist blades, avoiding the attack and opening some distance away from Toon.

'It is hard to win against him in strength.'

Grid was fully aware that he was strong. He was confident that he was stronger than Ibellin, the weakest in the guild, before Ibellin obtained the Thorn of Deep Grievance. Ibellin was defeated by the Giant Guild, but Grid was overwhelmingly victorious.

However, he didn't have a chance to accurately assess his strength against the other guild members. So Grid didn't know for sure how his skills would go against the top rankers. And Toon was 40th on the unified rankings.

Toon whistled. "Hwiik~ what, you? You managed to stop my attack? Isn't this great?"

Ssik.

The corners of Toon's mouth went up. He noticed that Grid wasn't just a blacksmith and felt interested.

"Interesting!"

Flash!

Toon's eyes became tinged with red. Then grey hair started to sprout from his muscular body. At that moment, an explosive energy was emitted and Grid shrunk back.

'What tremendous power…!'

Grid decided that he needed to fight properly. He prepared to take out all the items in his inventory, including Dainsleif and the Frostlight Orc Chief's Helmet.

Peeeong!

Suddenly, a kick came from the side and Toon went flying.

"Cough!"

Kwaduduk!

There was the sound of breaking bones and the whites of Toon's eyes were exposed as he fell.

"Crazy…! This bastard!" After cursing, Toon turned to see who was attacking him. Then he discovered a smiling Regas. "What is this, Regas? A cowardly surprise attack from behind? I thought you were a Taekwon Master."

Toon said sarcastically as he glared at Regas.

“Toon, if you do anything impolite to Grid one more time, you will lose your head."

Regas was always smiling and friendly. This was the first time that Grid saw him angry. Toon was also confused.

'The man who is rumored to be mild-mannered… His anger is frightening.'

Toon stood up quietly. His waist, which had been twisted in a bizarre direction, recovered normally. It was a phenomenal recovery. He put away his wrist blades.

"Taekwon Master Regas… One day I will have a fight with you, but not now. That blacksmith is a little surprising… To be honest, I think 2 against 1 is hard. Well, I'll see you later."

"Hey you bastard! Clean up before you go!"

Regas stopped Grid, who tried to chase after Toon. “That person, he is quite strong in beast form. He will be a hard person to fight again."

"No! I have to beat him up right now! And why was he accepted into the guild in the first place? His behaviour is completely out of control! Shouldn't the guild members be checked carefully?"

"His way of thinking is extremely simple, so Jishuka can easily control him. However, you don't need to worry about that. I have found the Divine Shield."

"…!"

Regas had been searching for the Divine Shield since it was stolen until now, and he finally found it. Grid forgot all about Toon as he asked excitedly.

"Where? Where is it?"

Regas' expression wasn't good. “Well… One of Rebecca's Daughters has it. I asked to meet her and she refused. She seems reluctant to return the shield."

"Rebecca's Daughter?"

Grid was reminded of the beautiful girl in the blue dress who burst through the wall and confronted the Yatan followed who stole the Divine Shield.

'Her name was Isabel? I remember the Yatan following being shocked that she was Rebecca's Daughter…'

Grid asked.

"What is a Rebecca's Daughter?"

Regas explained what he knew.

"It is the title that refers to the top three paladins in the Rebecca Church. They received sacred weapons from Goddess Rebecca and it is said that their power is comparable to the Second and Third Servants. They are a relatively small force, but few people can threaten the Rebecca Church thanks to Rebecca's Daughters."

“…In a nutshell, that girl won't return my shield?"

“That’s right.”

“…”

Grid had a headache. He needed to meet the pope, but now things became twisted due to the Rebecca's Daughter. He had an ominous feeling.

Regas smiled with a gentle expression.

"You don’t have to worry. Aren't you part of the Tzedakah Guild? If you need assistance at any time, then please call the guild members. Everyone will be willing to help you. The six new members are especially full of enthusiasm."

“…I've heard that those six people are called psychos. It doesn't seem to be a lie when looking at Toon… They seem useless."

"Haha."

Afterwards, Grid sent a whisper to Jishuka to explain the situation. Then Jishuka fully understood Grid's position.

–Of course, your quest comes first. I won't ask you to make any items for the guild members until your quest is finished. And if you need help, call at anytime. I will come running.

That night, Grid immediately left Winston. The destination was the Rebecca Vatican.