There were various types of gaiters. There were simple ones that wrapped around the calves or ones that covered the pelvis, thigh, and calves. Naturally, the more each side was protected, the higher the defense but the lower the agility. They also required high strength and stamina to wear. If the material used was metal, not leather, the penalty was extreme enough that the wearer should be prepared to be slowed down at all times. 

This was because it wasn’t easy to bear the weight on the lower body. This was why most players, except for certain occupations, preferred wearing short gaiters. The Mass Produced Grid’s Gaiters distributed to the Overgeared Army were also short gaiters. Of course, this had nothing to do with Grid.

Ttang! Ttang! Ttang!

Greed was tempered on the anvil. He hammered at Greed mixed with the White Tiger’s Breath and made several hinges first. He intended to create multiple joint parts so that even if they were worn on his legs, they wouldn’t interfere with the movements. 

“This is ridiculous...” Blue Tiger marveled as she bit one of the black-gold metal pieces piled up beside Grid. “How can you easily work these metals?”

“Aheung? How is this...”

A toothless tiger cocked his head like he couldn’t understand the Blue Tiger’s response and came forward fearlessly. He grabbed a metal and bit it before Blue Tiger could stop him. The yellow fur rose and the pattern trembled. The tiger shook like he was hit by electricity. The broken dentures fell to the ground.

The tigers saw this process and were astonished.

“Aheung! W-What?”

“What happened?”

Thanks to the sacrifice of their companions, the tigers learned how hard Greed was and their eyes grew wide. It was absurd. Greed changed shape every time Grid hammered. It had looked as soft as a rice cake so they had gulped. They hadn’t expected it would be so hard.

Tosun clicked her tongue like they were pathetic. “Stupid tigers. You should’ve noticed it from the time he turned the white phosphorus tree into firewood.”

Even the sacred creatures flinched at the ferocity of the white phosphorus tree. The white phosphorus tree couldn’t be cut easily and would explode as soon as it was touched. Yet Grid used the white phosphorus wood as firewood to ignite the furnace and took complete control of the rough flames.

“The true essence of the God of Virtue isn’t just armed force.”

It was clear that his workmanship was also at the level of a god. Tosun had lived for many years and had interacted with a large number of people. Grid was far superior to the best blacksmiths she had seen. Her analysis was that even the blacksmith who made the items the Four Gods were sealed in wouldn’t be able to reach Grid’s skills.

‘I had wondered about the many battle gear that came pouring down like rain. They were actually the battle gear that the God of Virtue created.’

The battle gear he created would be one of the triggers of his faith... 

Tosun discovered a new fact and focused.

Grid tempered Greed and pulled out a bundle of leather. It was leather that was torn apart and seemed to have a bad quality. It was like someone had peeled off the skin of a dead beast with great wounds.

Blue Tiger frowned. “It is lousy leather.”

Since it was said that tigers left their skin behind after they died, Blue Tiger took great pride in her skin. The quality of the leather that Grid pulled out was undoubtedly the worst.

“Are you going to use it?”

“Yes. I will put leather or cloth on the inside to make it feel better and it will be able to absorb the shock from the outside.”

Grid nodded and Blue Tiger growled. “Put that away. I would rather take off my skin.”

A tiger leaves behind their skin after they die. In other words, taking off the skin was a story of death. However, Blue Tiger was a sacred creature. Even if her skin was peeled off, she wouldn’t die and would recover. Of course, there would be so much pain that it might be better to die but she could endure it for Grid.

“Now! Take off my skin! Kuheong!” Blue Tiger cried out in a determined manner. She was willing to make sacrifices for the benefactor who resurrected the red phoenix, freed the Twelve Zodiacs, and brought about the ‘future.’

“Oh? Thank you.”

Grid didn’t refuse. There was no reason to refuse when a sacred creature was offering her skin.

‘It could be better than Berith’s Leather.’

No, it would be better. The sacred creatures were complete half-gods. Even the 22nd great demon who terrorized humanity was inferior to a sacred creature. Grid put down Berith’s leather that was holding, pulled out a dagger and approached Blue Tiger. It was at this moment that he noticed that Blue Tiger was shaking like an aspen tree. He realized that the other tigers were pale and looking at Blue Tiger like she was a madman.

‘Crazy.’ Grid thought it would be easy to remove the skin but it seemed that wasn’t the case. He almost did a cruel act of stripping off an animal’s skin while they were alive.

Grid sighed and put away the dagger. “Stop the insane words. You are also mistaking something. This leather is better than it looks.”

The leather of 22nd Great Demon Berith—the damaged parts could be restored to some extent through tanning.

Ttang!

Grid removed Greed that had been completed in the shape of gaiters and placed Berith’s skin on the anvil as he started to tan it. The torn and pierced parts were flattened and perfectly filled. It was something that could be done due to the blacksmith skill that had risen because of Open Potential, the dexterity he had built up, and his epics.

“Ugh...”

The Twelve Zodiacs and the spirits were being amazed by Grid’s skill in filling in the leather when they simultaneously blocked their noses. There was a terrible stench. The demonic energy rising from the leather made the Twelve Zodiacs and the spirits feel unpleasant.

The rat queen, Kyeongja, couldn’t hold back her disgust. “Grid, that is something you should stay away from. It is nasty.”

“Um...”

Grid once again realized the hostility of the sacred creatures toward the great demons. In fact, Grid had no aversion toward the demonic energy. Since he used Blackening and the Rune of Darkness for a long time, he was familiar with demonic energy.

“However, in general, it is natural to be reluctant toward demonic energy.’

Demonic energy was a symbol of great demons and gods were usually hostile to great demons. Since the sacred creatures and the Twelve Zodiacs were born out of the desires of humanity and existed only for humanity, they would feel even more reluctant toward the great demons. The great demons were the greatest enemy of humanity.

“Well, don’t worry.”

These were Grid’s last words.

Ttang! Ttang! Ttang!

No matter what the members of the Twelve Zodiacs said, Grid no longer spoke. From the time the tanned leather was placed inside the gaiters, he had entered an enlightened state. Flames rose from Grid’s hammer. They were the Fire of Willpower caused by the Duke of Fire title.

[Fire of Willpower has doubled your working speed.]

[The effect of Fire of Willpower will result in the Breath of Fire effect being added to the item produced.]

[Duke of Fire’s Breath]

[* 20% increase in fire damage.

* 50% increase in fire resistance.

The willpower stat will rise by 5%.]

The more the flames around Grid’s hammer burned, the redder the gaiters turned. It was hardened over and over.

“That’s it.” Braham, who had been standing silently the whole time, smiled faintly.

A bright, warm white light enveloped the entire poisonous mouse community. All the spirits, except for Braham and the members of the Twelve Zodiacs, couldn’t handle the bright light and closed their eyes.

[The production of the ‘Gaiters of the White Tiger supporting Heaven and Earth’ is successful.]

[A myth rated item is produced, permanently increasing all stats by 30!]

[The Blacksmith’s Skill Comparable to a God is a temporarily activated skill. The number of times a myth rated item is created won’t accumulate.]

[The energy of the white tiger has surged and blessed Blue Tiger. Blue Tiger, the descendant of the white tiger, is stronger than ever.]

[Gaiters of the White Tiger supporting Heaven and Earth]

[Rating: Myth 

Set Item (White Tiger Set)

Durability: Infinite   Defense: 1,200

* Earth attribute resistance +60%.

* Dark attribute resistance +40%.

* Additional 30% defense when hit in the lower body.

*There is a high chance of ignoring the damage when the lower body is attacked.

*There is a high chance of releasing ‘Thorn’ when the lower body is attacked. The sharp stone thorns will reflect 50% of the damage received and reduce the recovery effect.

* The skill ‘White Tiger’s Attitude’ is generated.

* The skill ‘White Tiger’s Cry’ is generated.

* The skill ‘Howling!’ is generated.

* The passive skill ‘Incarnation of Earth’ is generated.

* Defense will increase by 10% in canyon terrain. 

* The power of wide-area skills will increase by 20% in canyon terrain.

* Decreases the target’s defense and magic resistance by 10% when encountering great demons weaker than rank 22.

* If damage to the extent of destroying it is received, the durability is fixed to the minimum for 5 seconds. There is a 10% durability recovery after this effect is over (24 hours cooldown).

★The skill ‘Rock’ is generated.

★The skill ‘Earth God’ is generated.

Gaiters made by Grid, a blacksmith comparable to a god. 

They are gaiters that cover the pelvis to the knees but it has no effect on movement due to the high level technique, the materials used, and the soft elasticity of Greed. 

Lined with ‘Enhanced Berith’s Leather,’ it has a high defense and dark attribute resistance. 

The Strengthened White Tiger’s Breath further enhances the hardened properties of Berith’s Leather. In the process of Greed completely absorbing it, some of the abilities of the white tiger have been inadvertently implemented. 

The Strengthened White Tiger’s Breath grants the wearer a mythical protection.

Grid’s epics are contained in it.

★Once three set items are equipped, defense and health will increase by 10%.

Conditions of Use: Grid.

Weight: 600]

[White Tiger’s Attitude Lv. 1]

[Acquire the attitude of the white tiger.

Attack power and movement is reduced by 80% and defense is increased by 198%.

Skill Mana Cost: 17 per second.

Skill Cooldown Time: 30 minutes.

* Skills attached to myth rated items can be upgraded.]

[White Tiger’s Cry Lv. 1]

[Create an earthquake with a radius of 5 meters. 

All objects within range are subjected to a ‘loss of balance’ status and a 13% reduction in defense, evasion, and accuracy. If the target is using a spell or skill, casting is forcibly cancelled.

Mana Consumption: 1,500

Skill Cooldown Time: 10 minutes.

* Skills attached to myth rated items can be upgraded.] 

[Howling! Lv. 1]

[Summons the image of the howling white tiger.

All enemies within range of the white tiger’s howl will stiffen for at least one second to a maximum of seven seconds while allies will have their defense increased by 10%.

Mana Consumption: 2,000

Cooldown Time: 12 hours.

* Skills attached to myth rated items can be upgraded.]

[Rock Lv. 1]

[Make your body as solid as a rock.

Release any abnormal states that you are experiencing.

Immunity to all damage for two seconds. However, all speeds are reduced by 50%.

If used in combination with White Tiger’s Attitude, you will be immune to all damage for four seconds. However, all speeds are reduced by 70% and you can’t move.

Mana Cost: 1,000 per second.

Cooldown Time: 1 hour.

* Skills attached to myth rated items can be upgraded.] 

[Earth God]

[A conditional passive.

Assimilate with the breath of the white tiger.

While stepping on the ground, there is a very low probability of gaining control of the ground. 

You can change the shape of the land by consuming 2,000 mana. The changed land will be retained for 30 seconds.

3,000 mana can be consumed to turn a target within a 10 meter radius into stone. The target who becomes a stone won’t be able to do anything. In addition, there will be immunity to all damage.

Activates the ‘Pillar Release’ skill when attacking. The giant stone pillar has a blasting effect of up to 5 meters. The damage applied is 50% of the weapon’s attack power.

* If you die while in the Earth God state, the wrath of the white tiger will occur.

* Skills attached to myth rated items can be upgraded.] 

“Wow...” The members of the Twelve Zodiacs closed their mouths. From the standpoint of someone who lived for hundreds or thousands of years, Grid’s gaiters were extraordinary. The gold border and white mineral that decorated the black sheet metal...

Due to the energy of the white tiger, it obviously boasted a tremendous performance at first glance.

“Sigh...” Grid was restoring his breathing. He confirmed that there were still nine hours left for the cooldown of the Open Potential skill to end. Grid spoke to the speechless members of the Twelve Zodiacs, “Let’s make your items next. First, I’ll make a new spear, crown, and cloak for Kyeongja.”

“...!”

The Twelve Zodiacs were comparable to the yangbans in physical strength alone. They neglected tools like animals. In fact, apart from Kyeongja, Blue Tiger and Tosun only covered important parts with a single leaf. The faces of the Twelve Zodiacs turned blue. They realized the importance of items by looking at the gaiters made by Grid.