Grid only recently recognized the importance of breathing.It was the type of enlightenment based on the accumulated experience of competing with masters seeking a moment’s gap between breathing in and breathing out.

Grid took only 27 seconds to fuse the two smelted breaths into one.It was the fastest record ever.The time was two seconds faster than Grid’s theoretical maximum speed.It was an achievement that was attained due to the combination of highly developed technology and concentration.

“Sigh.”

Grid, who had held his breath for the sake of smooth movements, finally breathed out.There were goosebumps all over his body and his swollen muscles twitched.

‘This... It is normal to fail.’

In the process of tempering and fusing the two breaths, Grid realized it.The convergence of breath and breath was inherently ‘impossible.’It wasn’t a matter of technique.It was clear that even God Hexetia would fail if he came out to attempt it. This wasn’t a level comparable to a god.

Every one of the breaths with conflicting attributes desperately rejected each other. All the reactions that occurred at this time made the fusing itself impossible.The Red Phoenix’s Breath burned and destroyed itself while the White Tiger’s Breath was firmly entrenched in the ground, so there was no way to try it.It was like a providence that would never change.However—

[The ‘White Tiger’s Breath that has absorbed the Red Phoenix’s’ has been completed!]

Grid succeeded in fusing the two breaths.Was it because Grid’s blacksmithing technique surpassed Hexetia’s technique?Not at all.As mentioned earlier, ‘technique’ didn’t fuse the two breaths. It was impossible.There was only one reason why Grid was successful.

He had the Red Phoenix’s 9th Heart.

‘The Red Phoenix’s Breath sacrificed itself for me.’

The Red Phoenix’s Breath that refused to fuse with the White Tiger’s Breath and tried to burn itself suddenly changed its attitude. it suppressed the flames and accepted Grid’s hammering. Then it gradually permeated the White Tiger’s Breath.

The Red Phoenix’s Breath abandoned its pride only for Grid’s sake and became submissive to the White Tiger’s Breath.The White Tiger’s Breath was satisfied with it and absorbed the Red Phoenix’s Breath.This was why the name of the merged breath was ‘White Tiger’s Breath that has absorbed the Red Phoenix’s.’The brilliant white bead contained a flame that wouldn’t go out and was technically classified as a White Tiger’s Breath.

‘It isn’t a complete fusion...’

The result that Grid wanted was simple.It was to create a whole new breath that had the full function of the Red Phoenix’s Breath and the White Tiger’s Breath.However, the actual result was different from his wish.While the function of the White Tiger was more powerful than the whole, only around half the Red Phoenix’s Breath’s function was implemented.

[White Tiger’s Breath that has absorbed the Red Phoenix’s]

[It has absorbed the energy of the red phoenix and the power of the white tiger has been reborn in a stronger manner.Just by keeping it in the inventory, the earth attribute resistance will increase by 60%, fire resistance by 20%, and health recovery by 10%.

It can be used to infuse items with the powerful aura of the white tiger.]

The results differed from his intentions but Grid wasn’t disappointed.

‘This isn’t a failure.’

No, quite the opposite.The fire resistance of the Strengthened Red Phoenix’s Breath was 40% while the earth resistance of the Strengthened White Tiger’s Breath was 40%.The fire resistance of the White Tiger’s Breath that has absorbed the Red Phoenix’s might be relatively low but it also improved the earth resistance and added the option of increasing health recovery.

‘At this point, the defense option will be much higher than I intended.’

It was expected that since the Red Phoenix’s Breath could be absorbed, the Blue Dragon’s Breath and Black Tortoise’s Breath could also absorb it.

‘The red phoenix gave me so much.’

If he hadn’t resurrected the red phoenix, he wouldn’t have succeeded fusing the breaths together in his lifetime.Grid was once again grateful to the red phoenix and smelted the White Tiger’s Breath that has absorbed the Red Phoenix’s together with Greed in the furnace.From now on, it was a full-scale production.

‘There are two forms of shoulder guards.’

It was divided into the wing-like shape and a rounded shape.The former felt like it covered the shoulders while the latter wrapped around the shoulders.Most of the shoulder guards circulating the market had the former shape.It wasn’t as functional. It was just because it was easier to make.

On the other hand, the shoulder-wrapped shoulder guards weren’t easy to make.Only craftsmen, the most skilled craftsmen, would be able to create the round shoulder guards that wrapped firmly around the shoulders.Naturally, Grid planned to produce the round shoulder guards.

Mobility, toughness, durability, etc.Compared to the winged shoulder guards, the round ones had more advantages.

‘The only downside is that it isn’t glamorous.’

Most nobles and royalty loved the winged shoulder guards. They used it to show off their wealth by painting the shoulder guards that stretched from side to side a gold or silver color or put various gems on them.Even so, Grid wasn’t in a position to be extravagant. He was in a position to be stronger by making more practical equipment rather than showy equipment.He was a king who spent more time on the front lines than in the palace.

A powerful recoil occurred as Grid hammered the mixture of Greed and the breath.The White Tiger’s Breath, which threatened Grid by releasing thorns every time it was hit, started to emit even more ferocious thorns.The sharp stones protruded and aimed at Grid’s neck, wrists, arms, and chest.

Of course, Grid wouldn’t be smoothly hit.In the past, when the White Tiger Sword was first made, he had been seriously hit by these thorns. Then the years passed and Grid grew.

“Hey hey. Relax.”

Grid didn’t even blink as he avoided the sudden attack of the thorns.Every time the mineral was hammered, he responded to the thorns that soared at irregular points.

“...”

The mineral subsided.It was hit by the hammer and no longer fired thorns.It wasn’t for such a beautiful reason like it decided to submit to Grid when he kept avoiding the surprise attacks.It was because every time Grid hammered, Greed started to show its presence.It was an absolute mineral with infinite durability, suppressing the breath and blocking the release of the thorns.

Grid’s mouth curved upwards.

“You should be moderately mischievous.”

The ‘blacksmith’ Grid wasn’t tired.It might be different after it was finished but he had never collapsed in the middle of his work.As Grid’s hammering increased, the breath resisted more violently but it was useless.In the face of the infinite siege of Grid and Greed, it gradually lost momentum and was encroached on by Greed.

This was it.

“Good.”

Greed and the breath had become complete.The smiling Grid started to make the shoulder guards.His goal was a lifetime item.Grid wantedto make perfect shoulder guards with the specs of a king that would be used for the rest of his life.