[Use a high level of concentration to release invisible cutting attacks .

Deals 600% damage to all enemies in sight and expose the targets' weaknesses . Critical hit damage is increased by 2000% .

* This attack is bound to hit .

Resources Consumed: 10,000 mana . 200 sword energy .

Skill Recoil: Impossible to recover sword energy for 3 seconds .

Skill Cooldown Time: 1 hour . ]

300,000 Army Swordsmanship Stealth Sword—the upgraded version of 200,000 Army Swordsmanship that was opened when Open Potential was used—was a surprise attack but it had a fatal drawback .  It was that it was impossible to recover sword energy for three seconds after use .  However, the high damage, the 'expose weaknesses' effect, the critical hit damage, and the 'must hit' effect meant it could be called the ultimate technique .

“Divinity . Open Potential . ”

Stealth Sword meant he succeeded in hitting the yangbans . The veins on his neck bulged as he leaned forward .  It was the recoil caused by continuously using Open Potential .  Since an extreme penalty was specified, the burden of Open Potential on the user was heavy .  It consumed 10,000 mana, 20,000 health, and half his current stamina, as well as causing injuries by increasing the burden on the body .  Once Open Potential and the five fused sword dances were used, Grid was in danger of losing his mind .

“Gulp!”

Grid gulped while enduring the pain .  Fear struck him but there was no hesitation .  His hair rose due to Transcend and his eyes were as strong as ever .  “Transcended Linked Kill Wave Pinnacle . ”

[Transcended Linked Kill Wave Pinnacle]

[Five sword dances have been sublimated into a single field .

An energy sword that deals 5000% physical attack damage will be fired seven times in one second, causing waves of sword energy to cover all enemies within a range of 10 meters .

Targets hit by the sword energy are 'disarmed' and will suffer from the 'bleeding' and 'despair' abnormal conditions .

All sword energies will ignore 70% of the target's defense .


Sponsored Content
★ The effect of Detect Force, Wind Cutter, Shield, and Weapon Enchant will be applied .

Skill Usage Conditions: Have a sword type weapon equipped .

Skill Sword Energy Cost: 500 .

Skill Cooldown Time: 2 hours . ]

The yangban 'Saul' was hit by Stealth Sword and after that, his body swayed indefinitely as he was hit by the merciless sword technique .  Saul's mind was dazed .  'Now . . . what am I going through right now?'

As expected, the enemy invasion occurred and half of the ego of the black tortoise was resurrected .  However, the yangbans felt the need to disperse the attention of the monster who kept roaring at the sky .  Then they found a human who wasn't on the list .  They struck at him because they didn't think he was necessary .  It was like killing an annoying fly .

The enemy's neck filled their field of view and they let their swords fly .  They remembered up to there .  However, it was impossible to recall what happened afterwards .

“Cough!” The pupils of Saul shook as he coughed up blood .  He had no idea what he was going through .  He instinctively operated the breaths of the Four Gods to overcome the pain that he was experiencing for the first time in his life .

“Saul!” Then he heard the voice of his brother behind him .  It was desperate in an unseemly manner .

'We . . . are gods . '

They needed to remain calm in all circumstances .  They had to walk leisurely even through heavy rains and snowstorms .  So stop shouting so desperately .

Saul's wish was in vain as the other yangbans desperately reached out to him .  However, they couldn't protect Saul .  It was because the sword energy that had penetrated Saul exploded in unison and stretched out like waves, striking the yangbans .  It was a powerful attack that couldn't be ignored .

“Keuk!”

The two yangbans hurriedly protected themselves from the waves of sword energy but Saul was swept away unprotected .  Saul's limbs started to be torn apart .

“ . . . Ah . ”

It wasn't until he couldn't even feel pain that he finally realized the situation .  Death .  A concept that he felt was far away was coming over himself .

“I don't want . . . ”

Death didn't allow him to even protest .  It snatched him ferociously and without mercy .


Sponsored Content


After the waves of sword energy, silence came .

The surviving yangbans needed time to accept the death of Saul .  They remembered Saul's smile as he approached them, who were eliminated and feeling frustrated by the final stage of Chiyou's test, and reached out .  Next, they were reminded of when the three of them shouted that they would pass Chiyou's test . They gained courage and overcame the setbacks .

“Now finally . . . finally, one of the seven spots are vacant and we have a chance . . . ”

They were on the verge of gaining divine qualifications .  Yet they were going to die?

“You!”

The eyes of the tired yangbans were drawn to the gasping Grid .  For the first time since birth, the yangbans felt hatred and desperation . They activated the Blue Dragon's Breath and were engulfed in lightning as they rushed toward Grid .  Grid couldn't respond .  He stood with his back bent like a hunchback and his arms hung down in a dazed manner .

Shake shake .

To be honest, it was hard to hold his sword .  Open Potential, 300,000 Army Swordsmanship, the five fused sword dances . . .  

It was the aftermath of successively using techniques that the human body couldn't handle .  Grid's muscles twitched and his stamina was on the verge of being fully depleted .

“Die!”

Was it because killing intent was projected? There was a red glow at the end of the yangban's swords .  The color seemed to hint at the blood that Grid would soon shed .

'Shit . '

He couldn't react even if he saw the attack with his eyes .  Grid was upset but he tried to control his mind .  It wasn't over yet .

'I can hold on . '

The recovery and shield skills generated by his titles and item effects remained .  If he was lucky enough to trigger a skill to nullify the damage, the yangbans' attacks would last for 4~5 seconds .

'These guys aren't at the level of Garam but they're consistent with Hangyeol . '

“Ugh!”

Grid's back and chest were pierced and he threw up blood . He gritted his teeth and moved his eyes in every direction .  It was to find a path to retreat .  He planned to immediately escape the moment his stamina recovered and he could move a bit more .  Of course, it wasn't that easy .  The yangbans were clearly aware of Grid's intentions .  They had no intention of opening a path for the man who dared fight and kill a yangban .

“You can't live!”


Sponsored Content


The offensive of the yangbans became more intense .  They noticed that Grid's condition was different from before and pushed Grid with full force, launching dozens of attacks per second .  It was a fast and tenacious attack that made any viewers tired .  However, it was impossible for them to force Grid into the immortal state in five seconds .

[You have suffered 6,599 damage . ]

[You have suffered 7,105 damage . ]

[The effect of Gaiters of the White Tiger supporting Heaven and Earth has ignored the damage . ]

[You have suffered 7,750 damage . ]

[You have suffered 8,300 damage . ]

[The effect of Shoulder Guards of the White Tiger with the Protection of the Red Phoenix has ignored the damage . ]

[The effect of Arrogant Blue Dragon's Boots has ignored the damage . ]

It was because he was overgeared .  The attacks of the yangbans became stronger because they were linked . They quickly got rid of Grid's shields and recovery skills and Grid was forced to endure using the armor made from the breaths of the Four Auspicious Beasts .  The shoulder guards, gaiters, and boots had a probability of nullifying damage and Grid was somehow able to endure .

“You?”

The heads of the yangbans were boiling but Grid didn't laugh .  Grid's face was dark .

'Not yet?'

The burden on Grid's body was too great .  Five seconds had passed and his body might've recovered the minimum physical strength needed for activities but his body didn't move properly .  All his joints creaked and his muscles twitched .

'It was crazy to use Open Potential continuously . . . '

He had expected it and tried to restrain himself as much as possible .  However, this time he couldn't afford to hold back his strength .

'In this case, I will bet everything on my immortal state . '

Five seconds .  He had to somehow survive in five seconds .  Grid was determined as he silently watched the two soft swords wrapped around his neck .  He accepted the inevitable situation .  Just then, the two swords around Grid's neck were suddenly released and returned in the direction of their masters .  The master of the swords, the body of a yangban, was floating in the air .

Both Grid and the yangbans'  eyes were wide .  Grid's eyes met the eyes of the man holding the waists of the yangbans in the air .  The identity of the man was Bubat .  The strongest initiator of this era who was specialized in capturing the target .  He boasted an irresistible crowd control and even managed to throw Grid to the ground in his prime . This time, he helped Grid by slamming the yangbans to the ground .  The legs of the yangbans aimed at the sky as their heads touched the ground .

Bubat yelled at Grid who was staring at the scene .  “Damn! What are you doing? Quickly run!”

Grid came to his senses .  Sensation was coming back at his fingertips .

“Shunpo . ”

At this moment, Grid's eyes weren't looking for a retreat path .  Grid glanced at Bubat's side and appeared by Bubat's side .

The flustered Bubat was stunned when Grid suddenly appeared in front of him .  Grid's mind recalled the conversation from two years ago .

“Grid, I won't challenge you again . ”

These were Bubat's words when he was defeated by the Chinese ranker whose name couldn't be remembered anymore .  At that time, Bubat had realized his limitations .  It was the limit of a one-on-one confrontation .  That's right—the essence of an initiator came from party play .  It made Bubat many times more powerful than when he was alone .

“ . . . If we meet again in a war . ”

“I told you that I hoped that we were no longer enemies at that time . ”

The two men recalled the same day .  They smiled as they remembered the words they said to each other .  Bubat's big hands clutched the ankles of the yangbans lying on the ground .

“Transcended Link Flower . ”

Grid tried to do the best he could .

“Linked Kill Flower Pinnacle . ”

In the dark world, the blue-black petals illuminated Grid and Bubat .  In the eyes of the rankers, they looked happy .  They felt ashamed that they were so obsessed with this unknown quest .

It was the unexpected emergence of the black tortoise that had changed the situation .