‘Indeed... It is darker than Muller’s color.’

Grid succeeded in fusing fighting energy and sword energy. Hayate’s mouth twitched at the sight. The joy he felt was so great that he wanted to cheer on Grid. The Hero King was someone to create peace in the world. Grid’s growth would be a great help to the Tower of Wisdom. In fact, the former Hero King Muller had directly helped the tower by subduing the great demons. Thanks to Muller’s presence, the tower members had been able to focus on containing Baal and the dragon.

‘This person might be able to go beyond Muller’s prime or even me.’

Where in the world would there be a person who could simultaneously make progress in the area of the three geniuses Pagma, Braham and Madra? It probably wouldn’t show up twice. Grid was unique from birth and had already demonstrated his credentials by achieving several feats. The red phoenix’s heart that he carried was the proof.

“Hayate!” Grid moved his energetic body around before bowing to Hayate. “Thank you for your great teachings! I will never forget today’s grace.”

“You don’t have to be grateful. You already have infinite potential and I just gave you a shortcut.”

Hayate spoke humbly but in fact, it was completely different. If it wasn’t for his help, Grid wouldn’t have enjoyed the enlightenment system for at least two years. That was how long it would take to grow the Matchless Heart Technique to the mastered level in a conventional manner. Furthermore, Hayate’s gift to Grid wasn’t only the infinite sword energy. The conversation with him had deepened Grid’s knowledge.

“Let’s go down. I noticed that Biban seems to want to reunite and talk with you. He will complain that I’m a tactless old man for keeping you.”

“Haha, yes...”

He also had business with Biban. He wanted permission to teach Piaro the Matchless Heart Technique and he was curious about the exact relationship between Biban and Piaro. Now he had even more questions than that.

“By the way, I...”

“Tell me.”

“Is an Absolute and a god in the same class?”

A legend is a realm reached by accomplishing great feats while transcendence is a realm that a person focused on training arrives at. On the other hand, an Absolute was born only when they achieved the absolute feat of killing a god or a dragon while accumulating a high level of transcendence. It encompassed both the concepts of a legend and transcendent. Grid had the information of a ‘Slayer’ title and knew this.

“Hmm.”

Seemingly a bit perplexed by the question, Hayate opened his mouth after a moment of thought, “It should be similar in terms of force. There are very few gods who can overpower me unless they are an absolute god or the god of war.”

“...!”

In a way, it was natural. The prerequisite to become an Absolute proved that an Absolute’s strength could compete with a dragon or a god. However, the weight felt different when he heard it directly from Hayate’s mouth. Grid’s heart thumped. He once again realized the greatness of the man he was facing. Then he suddenly wondered, “Hayate, even you can’t subdue a dragon... how strong is a dragon?”

“A dragon is a species that has existed since the chaos of the beginning and the species itself is the same as a god. They aren’t objects of faith and their talent is limited, but their innate magic power and physical abilities are second only to the god of war. Of course, the children born from dragons are very weak at the beginning. They are just cautious and don’t expose themselves to the world.”

“......”

Grid thought that Nefelina’s fate was very rough. She was young enough to be treated as a ‘child’ by Hayate and Grid couldn’t imagine how much hardship and adversity she would have to overcome before she avenged her parents.

‘I’ll take good care of her until she is independent.’

Nefelina wasn’t a good-for-nothing unlike her appearance. He thought feeding her meals was worth it from the moment she blessed Grid. Additionally, Grid had promised to protect Nefelina. He still vividly remembered the voice of the person who thanked him. This was why he didn’t say anything about Nefelina.

‘In fact, he might’ve seen the dragon’s blessing.’

Grid shook his head as he looked at Hayate’s serene eyes. A dragon’s blessing was different from the heart of the red phoenix that was a physical object. He analyzed that there was no way for Hayate to detect it. In the first place, Hayate said that he had cleared his doubts about Grid.

“Then I’m going. If you have anything then call me at any time. I’ll come running immediately.”

"It is very reassuring. I wish you good luck even from a distance.”

Grid finally said goodbye to Hayate. Thanks to Hayate’s help, he accurately grasped the power balance of the world and felt that the fog in front of him had dissipated.

‘I can reach the Five Seniors if I can reach the realm of an Absolute.’

Could he become an Absolute? He had no confidence. It would probably be tough but Grid was aiming to be an Absolute. He was prepared to work hard and struggle to achieve the dream, even if it was an illusory dream.

“Biban.”

Biban’s residence was on the second floor of the tower. The living spaces such as the bedroom and kitchen were very narrow while the training ground was large and impressive. It was a layout that revealed Biban’s personality.

“You should’ve come sooner.”

Biban was pouting. He was covered with sweat so it seemed he had been training hard while Grid was gone. It wasn’t a passion that couldn’t be overlooked when compared to those in active service.

‘Ah... He is on active duty.’

Biban was also a tower member. He had left the world but he was fighting dragons behind the scenes.

“Why are you looking at me that way?”

Biban cocked his head as he wiped his sweat with a wet towel and Grid spoke honestly, “It is because I respect you.”

“Hum, hum hum.”

Biban’s lips curved up in a smile. He couldn’t help laughing and hit Grid’s back.

“I’m a respectable, great person! Hahahat! You truly have a discerning eye!”

[You have suffered 8,930 damage!]

“Ugh.”

He might’ve taken off all his equipment made out of Greed but just one hit on his back made stars shine in front of his eyes. It was disgraceful since he was also a legend, transcendent, and Hero King. Biban didn’t notice Grid’s frustration and kept talking, “I can tell you’re a king...”

“......”

Biban had also been chatty when they talked in the Overgeared Kingdom. He uttered the secrets of the tower on his own. So what about when he was in the tower? There was no need to pay attention to other people’s eyes and ears, thus Biban chattered on and on for dozens of minutes with no break. It was just troublesome for Grid, who had come back after several hours of talking to Hayate. His ears were stinging.

Biban’s words weren’t even important. Yet Grid just smiled and listened. It was because Biban was too pure. This might not be an appropriate description for an old man who was hundreds of years old but seeing his innocence, Grid naturally felt trust. Grid had the belief that this person would never betray him.

“Ah, one more thing.”

Biban was chatting when he clapped his hands like he belatedly thought of something.

“I studied a method to suppress fighting energy without needing to master the Matchless Heart Technique and I’ve done it.”

“......”

It was unbelievable that he mentioned the most important thing last. Grid made an absurd expression but Biban didn’t care. Rather, he raised his chin proudly and his momentum soared into the sky.

“Place fighting energy in the mana core and cover it with sword energy. If you don’t consume the sword energy then you can keep restraining the fighting energy.”

“Does this mean I have to seal the Undefeated King’s Swordsmanship and my swordsmanship if I don't want to consume sword energy?”

Grid exploded and Biban was flustered.

“Then what can you do? Your sword energy recovery rate is very slow. Thus, you can’t consume it if you want to cover up fighting energy.”

“Then what should I do while I’m fighting...”

“If you’re strong enough then it won’t matter if you seal off Madra’s Swordsmanship or your swordsmanship. You aren’t fighting dragons like us. You’re only dealing with bad guys.”

“Biban, you might not know but there are many strong enemies in the world.”

“Hmm... Then control fighting energy to keep your heart, body, and skill in harmony. Then grow and use your sword energy only when you feel it isn’t possible. That way, you can grow faster than you can now.”

It wasn’t sophistry. Biban had thought of a method for Grid and provided appropriate countermeasures. There was just one problem.

“No, I’m fine.”

Grid already achieved a harmony between the body, heart, and skill.

“It’s okay?”

“Thanks to Hayate’s help, I succeeded in fusing fighting energy and sword energy.”

“W-What?! Why are you only saying that now?”

“I thought you would notice that the color of my fighting energy has thickened...”

“Dammit! You aren’t a pretty girl. Why would I look closely at you? How am I supposed to know if you don’t tell me?”

“No, give me a chance to say something...”

“Hah! Don’t talk candidly now! You are just good at talking back!”

“......”

“I was pathetic for spending all day thinking for you!”

“I’m sorry...”

Grid felt regret. He had to try and relieve Biban’s feelings. It was only 10 minutes later that Biban finally let it go.

“The Supreme Swordsmanship.”

Biban shook his head when he heard Grid’s story. “The Saharan Empire didn’t exist when I was a normal person. I have nothing to do with the family of your friend called Piaro. Still, Supreme Swordsmanship does seem to match the Matchless Heart Sword.”

By the time Biban left the world, the techniques he left behind had passed through several hands. Muller was the only person who fully understood and learned the contents of the secret technique.

“The Supreme Swordsmanship that Piaro’s ancestors learned must be a translation of the Matchless Heart Sword.”

One of the people who found the secret technique left by Biban was from the East Continent. They translated it into the language of the East Continent to make it easier to understand. It passed around the world until it reached Piaro’s ancestors.

“The origin of Supreme Swordsmanship is the Matchless Heart Sword but it is just a coincidence.”

“......”

A shadow was cast on Grid’s face as he heard Biban’s interpretation. He was hoping that Biban would be Piaro’s ancestor or an acquaintance of his ancestor but they weren’t related at all. This made it even more embarrassing to ask if he could pass on the Matchless Heart Technique to Piaro.

‘There is no justification.’

It was just as Grid was feeling frustrated.

“It is a pity. If I hadn’t been banned from going out then I could’ve competed with the friend called Piaro.”

“...?”

“Why are you cocking your head? No matter if it was a coincidence or accident, he is still like my descendant. Isn’t it normal to want to check his skills?”

“I-Is that so?”

“Hmm... I’m afraid he hasn’t mastered it properly. He isn’t going to disgrace the Matchless Heart Sword, right?”

“Not at all. Rather, he built up a reputation by subduing great demons and accumulating achievements in war.”

“Hoh! As expected of my descendant! I was worried that he was a crazy person because he is farming with the Matchless Heart Sword. Fortunately, that isn’t the case.”

“Yes... Unfortunately, he hasn’t learned the Matchless Heart Technique...”

“What?” Biban’s eyes became fierce. “The core of the Matchless Heart Sword is the Matchless Heart Technique, yet he hasn’t learned it?”

“It is because Piaro’s ancestors didn’t understand the formula of the Matchless Heart Sword and failed to pass it down to their descendants.”

“What?" Biban shouted angrily. “What are you doing?!”

“...!”

“You should’ve taught him the Matchless Heart Technique! What is the use giving it to you if you don’t use it?!”

“...!!”

Amazing. Grid had been worried about getting permission but it wasn’t necessary.

‘This tower...!’

Grid’s heart was overflowing with emotions.