The yangbans—they were born as half-gods and their one and only sole purpose was to become a god. The yangbans numbered in the hundreds, but the number of vacant seats to become a god was only seven. 

Chiyou's Test was the first process to be qualified to become a god. All of the yangbans' aspirations depended on Chiyou's Test. It was just that only one person passed Chiyou's Test that was held for the first time in decades, and the person who passed it was a human. 

'I didn't expect it to turn out like this.'

The yangbans who lost the opportunity to become gods after being defeated by the human they despised were silent. Of course, there wasn't a single yangban who made a fuss because they were dissatisfied with the results. How could they protest when they stepped down because they knew they couldn't win? 

'...I would've fought to the end if I hadn't experienced the test 400 years ago.' 

The reason why the yangbans withdrew wasn't because they were cowards. They gave up neatly because they knew it was meaningless to hit the 'wall that won't collapse.' 

Mir—a being who was at the verge of being a god from the moment he was born and the sole person who passed the Chiyou's Test which he participated in, 400 years ago. Hundreds of yangbans challenged Mir, but all of them were destroyed. In the end, Mir was the only one standing. They thought it was an unprecedented record that would never be matched or broken. 

[You are the first player to pass 'Chiyou's Test.']

[You are ranked number one.] 

Yet it was matched by a human. 

Pride and prejudice disappeared from the eyes of the yangbans looking at the silver-haired woman. 

'We can't ignore humans in the future.' 

A weak creature who lived for less than 100 years, they had thin skin, soft flesh, and were easy to break. They were creatures who had intelligence, mastered skills, and built up their combat force, only to die suddenly one day. Therefore, the yangbans hadn't thought deeply about humans. It was just like humans raising chickens to gain eggs. They managed humans just to obtain divinity. Occasionally, they would see a human who became a daoist immortal or transcendent and they would feel offended, disgusted, or unpleasant. 

However, their thoughts changed at this moment. It might just be one out of millions of people, but it was difficult to ignore human beings since they knew that someone with the potential to surpass a yangban was born. 

'In any case, we need the help of humans to build up divinity. It might be better to get along with humans...' 

It was at this time that the yangbans' perception changed slowly. 

'It isn't telling me who 2nd to 7th place is?' 

Grid felt a bit disappointed. He wanted to know in advance the seven people who passed Chiyou's Test with high grades, but the system was too unfriendly. It was regrettable that only Grid's placing was shown.

 'I need to know in advance to cut off the bud. Tsk.' 

The difference in skill between the yangbans who didn't pass the test in the top 7 and the yangbans who passed the test in the top 7 was huge. Haejin? She was great, but she was a joke when compared to Garam. 

'...Well, I will enjoy it for now.' 

Duguen. Duguen. Duguen... 

Grid's heart rate gradually accelerated. Chiyou's Test—Grid was very proud that he won first place on the stage for the half-gods who dreamed of becoming a god. The rewards weren't important. It was important to note that he hit the yangbans' pride and protected the dignity of the humans that they ignored. 

'This doesn't mean that I expect no compensation at all.'

He couldn't be cheated. Grid was concerned, but only slightly. The rewards for accomplishing an 'achievement that players can't achieve' were always huge. 

[Being the first player to pass Chiyou's Test, your deity stat will increase.] 

[Your divinity level has reached five and you are qualified to become a half-god.] 

“……?!” 

There was only one way to raise divinity—building up the deity stat. Every time he accumulated 10 deity points, his divinity level would increase by one. It meant it was a very difficult process. 

The first condition that Grid needed to accumulate deity was to create a myth rated item. In order to make myth rated items, corresponding 'materials' were needed. It was difficult to obtain such materials unless he killed a great demon or resurrected a god. Furthermore, his deity stat only rose by one when making three myth rated items. There was no promise that he could reach 10 deity points just through making items. 

'Writing the epics can earn me deity points, but...'

The probability of activating an epic was as low as the probability of making a myth rated item. Furthermore, writing an epic didn't mean his deity stat will rise unconditionally. It seemed to be affected by the environment at the time of writing the epic. Additionally, there were great achievements such as resurrecting a god or being praised by a special entity or group. It was just that this type of situation wasn't common. In other words, the difficulty of raising the deity stat was extremely high. 

Grid thought it would take at least one year to reach level 5 in divinity. The period had been significantly shortened. 

'A half-god!'

The evolution that he dreamed about. During the Vatican rescue episode, he gave up on becoming a half-god because of several penalties. However, this time was different. It was an opportunity that was obtained purely using his own strength, regardless of the seven malignant saints. 

Grid's heart thumped like it was going to burst. He tried to immediately answer 'yes' to the notification window asking [Do you want to evolve into a half-god?] only to suddenly stop. It was because he glimpsed the disappointment in Chiyou's face watching him. 

'What?' 

So far, Chiyou had been strangely favorable to him. The gentle gaze resembled that of his parents. Why did he suddenly feel disappointed? 

“Do you have something to say?” 

Grid hadn't reached this place for nothing. He might not be able to read other people, but Grid could understand a NPC's heart. 

Chiyou raised his head, but sidestepped answering the question about evolving into a half-god. “It isn't something for me to say.” 

 'What is this timing?'

Grid's face distorted. He was frustrated because Chiyou didn't speak despite knowing something important. 

'...Wait.'

Chiyou's expression had stiffened from the time he achieved level five in divinity, in other words, the time he got the half-god qualification. 

'Is he reluctant for me to become a half-god?' 

Why? Was it because he didn't want a human to be a god? No, that wasn't Chiyou's personality. Chiyou was born from human beings so he cherished humans. It was why in the past, Chiyou appeared and helped Pagma.

'Don't tell me?'

Grid thought about it. The 'transcendent status' that came from being a transcendent. The reason Grid was classified as a transcendent was because he exceeded human limits. However, the moment Grid became a half-god, he would become ordinary among half-gods. The reference point was shifted from a human to a half-god, and the distance to 'transcendence' became further. 

“Will I lose my transcendence if I become a half-god?”

'Becoming a half-god?' 

This was a question that couldn't be asked from the perspective of a third party. The wide-eyed Zibal was confused, but Chiyou quickly understood it. “That's right.” 

“......!” Grid felt dizzy. It felt like he had been hit in the back of his head. 

The grandmaster spoke as Grid was feeling hesitant, “A half-god is better than a transcendent.”

He could say this because he was the grandmaster. His body sealed in the Abyss was a half-god, while the one standing in front of Grid was a transcendent. The grandmaster had experienced both being a half-god and a transcendent, so he knew the abilities of a half-god were superior to that of a transcendent.

“Just...” The grandmaster grasped Grid's hand and raised it up as he continued, “A transcendent's potential is greater.” 

“……”

The grandmaster word's that a half-god was better than a transcendent comforted Grid. Then the latter words made him confused. A half-god was the springboard to becoming a god. If the first class advancement was a half-god then the second class advancement was a god. Yet the potential of a transcendent was better than a half-god? 

“It is because it is a transcendent, not a god, that can kill a god.” 

“……!!”

God Killer—one of the final evolutionary forms of a transcendent. 

The grandmaster dreamed about getting revenge on the gods and he honestly confessed his feelings, “I want you to be human.” 

Meanwhile, Chiyou was silent. Chiyou had always dreamed of being killed and wanted Grid to remain a transcendent rather than becoming a half-god. Even so, he had no intention of intervening in the fate of one person due to his own individual desires. Chiyou had no cause unlike the grandmaster who wanted to resurrect the seven good people and lead the world in the right direction. 

“……”

Grid was silent. His face at sunset was as dark as the clouds. 

The grandmaster, Chiyou, and the yangbans held their breaths. Just then, Zibal opened his mouth, “A god... can't you become one as a human?” 

“......!”

Zibal's perspective was different from everyone here. It was because he was a player. He experienced firsthand how difficult it was to be a supreme player. 

“I don't know anything, but... do you want to become a god? Then can't you kill a god and become a god?” 

Grid was currently disguised as Irene. Just like the grandmaster recognized Grid, Zibal was also aware of Grid's identity. After Chiyou's Test, Irene's speech and actions were very similar to Grid. That's right—in critical moments, Grid forgot that he had to act as Irene. He might've lost vigilance because he achieved his purpose of gaining divinity for Irene. 

“You...”

Grid was flustered when he noticed the change in Zibal's tone and attitude toward him. However, Zibal ignored it. He just said what he wanted to say, “You should be able to do it?” 

“……”

“You are the supreme one.” 

“......!”

How many people in the world could reach and maintain the peak of two billion players? There was only one person, Grid. Therefore, he was the supreme one. Putting aside his likes or dislikes, Zibal believed in Grid's strength. Even the grandmaster and Chiyou appreciated Grid more than expected. 

In the end... 

“...I have decided.” 

[Do you want to evolve into a half-god?] 

Grid was asked about his future fate and responded with confidence, “It's fine, I won't do it.” 

Grid didn't miss the essence. The main reason he declared himself a god through the epics was to stop the yangbans and Five Seniors, not to enjoy any benefits. His purpose wasn't to be a god himself. It was to be a God Killer. Then at some point, he had forgotten this fact. 

The notification window responded. 

[You have refused to be a half-god.]

[The reward for achieving level five in divinity will be changed.] 

[Your transcendent status has increased significantly.]

[In the future, you will see a world different from others.] 

“Welcome.” 

The rarely smiling grandmaster couldn't help launching an attack. His punches and kicks were like a flash in Zibal's eyes. However, Grid managed to respond to the grandmaster's attack. The nose that should've been crushed ended up as a cut cheek and the original situation where his knee should've been shattered was used for a counterattack. 

The world as seen by a transcendent—the world that he indirectly experienced during the confrontation between Chreshler and Pagma was now opened up to Grid. 

[There are no attacks that you won't recognize.]

[In the future, you can resist critical hits without exposing your weaknesses.] 

True transcendence—only a few dozen people had reached it in this game's worldview, and Grid set foot in this absolute level.