[Grid's Swordsmanship Lv. 2]

[Swordsmanship containing the narratives of Overgeared King Grid. The enlightenment gained through the secret technique has made it even more powerful. 

Swordsmanship and magic are united, increasing physical attack power by 60%, magic attack power by 30%, critical hit probability by 70%, and critical hit attack power by 110%. All values will triple when using cooperative skills with a person you have a bond with. 

* This effect is only fully applied when a sword type weapon is equipped. 

* Physical attack power isn't applied when a staff or orb is equipped. 

* Damage proportional to the willpower stat will be dealt if a weapon isn't equipped. 

* Can be used without the footwork. However, the power of the sword dance will increase with every step taken. (Each additional stride will increase the damage of the sword dance by 50%, 100%, 200%, and 400%) 

* The number of fusion sword dances that can be created is ten. (7/10) 

* Every time the skill level rises, the number of fusion sword dances that can be created will increase. 

* You can also create a five fusion sword dance. However, the number of five fusion sword dances created is proportional to the level of divinity. 

★ Whenever a sword dance is used, one of Braham's enhanced spells will be revealed. 

★ The spells that are expressed are limited to basic spells and each sword dance has a different spell. 

★ In the case of a fusion sword dance, several spells are overlapped. 

★ Mana is consumed so you can activate/deactivate it. 

Currently activated.] 

[Transcend Lv. 2] 

[Express yourself completely. 

During the time when the sword dance is maintained, all attack power will double. Basic attacks are converted to long range attacks and magic casting speed and range are greatly increased. The probability of triggering Skin of Transcendence and Shunpo will also become 100%. 

Skill Sword Energy Cost: 200

Skill Duration: 1 minute. 

Skill Cooldown Time: 30 minutes.

★ Braham's Detect Force is activated when Transcend is deployed. The accuracy of all attacks and magic spells are increased significantly. 

Mana Consumption: 2,500] 

[Link Lv. 2] 

[A sword dance that exudes the momentum of an absolute, stretching out like the sun. 

Inflicts 350% physical attack power to all enemies in sight and attacks the designated target with 1,000% physical attack power a total of 20 times. Every time the designated target defends against an attack, internal damage will be inflicted and they will be weakened. 

* Takes one second to cast.

* This skill isn't affected by attack speed. 

* Internal wounds can't be inflicted on targets that are resistant to abnormal statuses. 

Skill Sword Energy Cost: 50 

Skill Cooldown Time: 2 minutes. 

★Braham's Wind Cutter will be released when Link is deployed. One Wind Cutter blade is created for every second hit. The damage of each Wind Cutter blade is fixed at 7,000. There is a low probability of Wind Cutter cutting the target. The probability of the cut is affected by Wind Cutter's hit location and the target's defense. This effect applies only to the specified target. 

Mana Consumption: 2,000] 

[Kill Lv. 2] 

[The sword dance of punishment is performed. 

Deals 2,000% of your physical attack power to a single target. Once hit, the target will be given the 'bleeding' and 'despair' effects and the 'Disarm' effect will be temporarily applied. If the target's status is low, there is a normal probability of instantaneous death. 

* Disarm: The item effect won't apply for one second. However, this corresponds to the item worn on the area hit by the attack.

* The bleeding, despair, and instant death effects won't apply to targets that can resist abnormal statuses. 

Skill Sword Energy Cost: 100

Skill cooldown time: 10 minutes. 

★Braham's Detect Force is activated when Kill is deployed. The hit rate of Kill will greatly increase. 

Mana Consumption: 1,000] 

[Wave Lv. 2] 

[It causes a tsunami of sword energy that stirs up the heavens and earth. 

Pulls all enemies in a radius of 10 meters to your side, dealing 400% physical attack power and slowing down all speeds by 70%. It also has a high probability of causing them to 'lose balance.' 

* A target that resists abnormal statuses will only have a 30% reduction in movement speed. 

* If a target blocks it, the 'violent shockwave' effect will occur and the defense effect is ignored. 

* There is a high probability of causing flying objects to fall and deals more damage when falling. 

Skill Sword Energy Cost: 100

Skill cooldown time: 2 minutes. 

★ Braham's Shield will wrap around the caster's body when Wave is deployed. The Braham-style shield will absorb 20,000 basic damage and absorb additional damage equal to the user's intelligence value. During the time when the shield is maintained, the caster's defense is increased by 500. 

Mana Consumption: 800]

[Pinnacle Lv. 2] 

[Reproduces the attack of the Martial God, Chiyou.

Deals 2,500% of your physical attack power to a single target. This skill will ignore 70% of the target's defense and unconditionally cause a critical hit. 

* The critical hit effect won't apply to targets that can resist abnormal statuses. 

Skill Sword Energy Cost: 80 

Skill Cooldown Time: 10 minutes. 

★ Braham's Weapon Enchant will activate when Pinnacle is deployed. The weapon's attack power will increase by 60%. This effect will disappear with the end of the sword dance.] 

[Restraint Lv. 2] 

[Dominate the surroundings with the solemn and stirring sword dance. 

Nobody can approach you for 5 seconds. Low status targets had a high probability of falling into fear. 

The targets in the fear state will have their defense reduced and won't be able to move. 

* A target that resists abnormal statuses has a low probability of being stopped for 0.1 to 0.3 seconds. 

* Not applicable to the undead. 

Skill Cooldown Time: 5 minutes.

★ Braham's Grease is activated when Restraint is deployed. The range of Grease is the same as Restraint and the deployment time is equal to the duration of Restraint. Since the friction coefficient of the ground in contact with Grease will disappear, the target must slip. However, this effect is limited to when the target is standing on the ground. 

Mana Consumption: 2,000]

[Flower Lv. 2] 

[A sword dance depicting fallen petals that show fleetingness. 

During the sword dance, all enemies (or skills) visible in your field of view are recognized as 'targets' and a 'mark' is left. 

Launches a sword energy that deals 80% physical attack power + 30% magic attack power to 'marked' targets. 

* Two sword energies will be produced per mark. 

* Every time the target is hit, an additional mark will be left. A maximum of six marks can be stacked up. 

* The duration of the mark is 11 seconds and this duration is updated every time a new mark is left within these 11 seconds. 

*If the target is a skill, there is a normal probability of it being offset. 

Skill Sword Energy Cost: 60 

Skill cooldown time: 2 minutes. 

★Braham's Lightning will occur when Flower is deployed. A target branded with the mark will have a low probability of being electrocuted and receiving 5,000 damage. During the electric shock, their body will be paralyzed. 

Mana Consumption: 1,000]

[Drop Lv. 2] 

[A sword dance that is reminiscent of the sky. 

Declare to the world the fallen authority of the sky and prove your greatness. 

Inflicts 80% physical attack power to all enemies within a 10 meters radius and there is a 60% of ignoring the enemy's status resistance to inflict the 'collapse' condition. Deals an additional 600% damage to all divine beings. 

Enters the 'Transcend' state for three seconds after it is used and doesn't share Transcend's cooldown time. 

* There is a high probability of causing flying objects to fall and deals more damage when falling. 

Skill Sword Energy Cost: 80

 Skill Cooldown Time: 5 minutes. 

★ Braham's Fire will be released when Drop is deployed. Flames will spread within the range of Drop and deal 5,000 damage and three seconds of burn damage. 

Mana Consumption: 1,000]

[Revolve Lv. 2] 

[A storm that swallows up everything is contained in the tip of the sword. 

During the casting, it will return all attacks with 120% of the power. Targets hit by the counterattack will expose their weak points and take more damage the next time they are hit. 

*Lasts for three seconds and can be deactivated to use other skills during this time. 

Skill Sword Energy Cost: 50 

Skill Cooldown Time: 1 minute and 30 seconds.

 ★ Braham's Shield will wrap around the caster's body when deploying Revolve. 

Mana Consumption: 800]

[Sky Lv. MAX] 

[Perform a sword dance that announces the birth of a new sky. 

Divinity will automatically activate and the Transcend state will be entered. Then every sword dance learned will be aimed at a designated target. At this time, Divinity and the sword dances aren't affected by the cooldown time. 

* If the designated target is a god, dragon or great demon, their combat-related stats will decrease every time a sword dance hits. 

* Each time the target is hit with one sword dance, the power of the next sword dance will slightly increase. 

★You will gain the attention of the gods when using this skill. 

Skill Sword Energy Cost: 50% of the maximum sword energy 

Skill Cooldown Time: 12 hours.]

“……”

Sword Saint Biban had denied the sword dances. He evaluated that a sword dance based on a particular ritual, not combat, couldn't be better than swordsmanship. Wouldn't this change his mind? 

Grid's heart started beating faster as he demonstrated the new sword dance toward empty air. As Grid grew, his developed Grid's Swordsmanship gained a form comparable to any swordsmanship. It was while keeping the essence of the sword dances.

'One day, it will be like the Undefeated King's swordsmanship...' 

It would be a sword dance that no one could touch. Grid smiled as he confirmed that creating the five fusion sword dances was possible. 

Jingle. 

“There were many things lacking so it filled in more spaces.” Chiyou's voice was heard along with the sound of bells, but it gradually faded. “Your potential is great because you haven't hid or turned away from your own shortcomings.” 

Jingle... 

The vision of Grid and the grandmaster's group dimmed. The reason they visited the Hwan Kingdom was to meet with the Five Seniors and their business was over. Chiyou had no intention of holding onto the guests. 

'It is difficult because the Five Seniors are greedy.'

*** 

“……”

At the huge peach tree forest... 

Zibal returned to the human world and looked up at the sky blankly. 'We were there just a moment ago...' 

The heavens high in the sky. It was the place where the gods worshipped by countless humans lived. There, Zibal had been constantly overwhelmed. He watched the conversation between the gods like an unnamed extra. He thought it was natural. What type of influence could a player exert at a gathering of the world's protagonists? 

Zibal considered it a great benefit and blessing just witnessing an episode that was central to the worldview. He believed that the information obtained today would serve as the foundation for an important quest that would occur in the future and was satisfied. 

On the other hand, that woman... no, Grid, was different. He was a protagonist even in the world of the gods. It meant that the quality and quantity of the episodes that Grid had intervened in far exceeded Zibal's level. 

'I still have a long way to go. It is really far away.'

Imperial Prince Edan and Grandmaster Zikfrector—Zibal had also served as a leading role in large-scale episodes. The amount of information and influence that an average player obtained by experiencing and clearing difficult quests and episodes were truly powerful. He was confident that he was comparable to Grid in terms of being able to intervene in a story. However, this wasn't the case at all. The gap with Grid was larger than expected.

'...I have a reason to try harder.' 

A smile spread on Zibal's face. He was one of the best rankers who burned with more motivation in the face of frustration. 

Grid woke up from the aftermath of the events and asked Zibal, “By the way, how did you figure out who I am?” 

“Isn't it natural to notice? 

“Is it natural? Even Hanul didn't figure out my original identity...” 

“It isn't that he didn't know,” the grandmaster interjected. He had returned to his usual relaxed form and seemed to find it bothersome to talk for long. “He just didn't feel the need to make the distinction because it is trivial to know who you are. From Hanul's point of view, it doesn't matter if you are Grid or someone else. You are still the same human being.” 

“……”

“Well... it will be different after Chiyou's Test.” 

The grandmaster eventually sat down. He fell asleep and the Neo Red Knights seemed familiar with this situation as they supported him and leaned him against a tree. 

Zibal scratched his head with a sad expression and suggested to Grid, “We are going back to the West Continent. We have found a passage that can move freely between continents that other people haven't discovered yet. It is very important information, but... do you want to come with us?" 

It was referring to the Abyss. Intercontinental movement through the Abyss was fast and convenient compared to other previous known methods of movement. There was a disadvantage that it was full of dungeon boss monsters, but it could be tolerated if they thought about how it was part of their growth. 

Grid shook his head. “No, thank you, but it isn't needed.” 

Zibal's intentions were clearly visible. He wanted an item in exchange for information. Grid had realized that Zibal was a decent person from the time of Edan's rebellion and he thought it was okay to sell one item to Zibal, but it was still premature. 

'He needs to increase his favorable impression if he wants to pay for it.' 

“Eh? Y-Yes...” 

Grid refused this type of high level information? Zibal was flustered by Grid's refusal. He didn't know how easily Grid could move between continents. The gap between the two of them was much larger than Zibal thought.

'Was Piaro successful?' 

After saying goodbye to the grandmaster's group, Grid activated Transcend and freely used Shunpo to travel to Xing. He was still a bit confused that he had gone through so much on the East Continent when he had only come to gain the white phosphorus wood and learn how to grow the golden walnuts. 