There were wailing walls in every area. It was a field that couldn't be handled by the average level of players active in that area. Winston's Chaos Mountains was an example of such a wailing wall. Now... 

“Beautiful, it is beautiful.” 

At the center of the East Continent was a reservoir that surrounded a huge peach tree forest. It was a place that contained the passage to Heaven and didn't easily allow people to approach, so it was called a wailing wall. It was also the worst one in the East Continent.

'Should I fight?' 

The moment Grid left the forest, he encountered an immortal ghost and he rolled up the ends of his skirt. He knew it would be a tough fight, so he eliminated anything that would get in the way of his movements. 

Immortal ghosts—they dreamed of becoming daoist immortals, but failed and fell. They were beings who lost their bodies and lives due to their failure and moved around as spirits. The grandmaster predicted that the reason why they inhabited the reservoir was purely the Five Seniors' intention. It didn't matter if they were daoist immortals or immortal ghosts. They were all just servants for the Five Seniors. They were chosen as a type of guard dog. 

“T-The smell of flesh is very good.” 

The reason they failed and became an immortal ghost was due to their ugly natures. Additionally, the spirits were driven by instinct and obsession, not reason. It meant they were all wicked. The immortal ghosts were those who showed their ugly faces without any pretenses. 

“Y-You are the best among the 266 women I have eaten! Ahh! Ahhh!! I-I want to eat! Eat you right now!” 

They were strong because only instincts remained. The immortal ghost deployed all the skills and swordsmanship it had honed during its life so its combat power was explosive. Even the grandmaster had pulled out Saharan's Sword when three or more immortal ghosts appeared. 

“……”

Before visiting the Hwan Kingdom and experiencing Chiyou's Test, Grid couldn't fight against the immortal ghost and had to rely on the grandmaster. Grid and the grandmaster's group were able to cross through the reservoir and reach the peach tree forest thanks to the grandmaster's protection. However, now... 

“Flower Revolve.” 

Grid met an immortal ghost alone and chose to fight back without avoiding it. It was like an old painter who cut off his ears seeing an explosion of starlight and moonlight. Dozens of sword energies appeared around Grid and the world swirled. This vortex sucked up the dozens of sword energies from the immortal ghost and eliminated them. 

“......?”

Since only instincts remained, it was faithful to emotions. The flustered immortal ghost cocked its head when all the sword energies meant to hunt the human disappeared. At the same time, the momentary silence ended. The sword energies swallowed up by the vortex were returned to the immortal ghost. 

It contained more destructive power and curses than before as it swept through the reservoir and flooded at the immortal ghost. The immortal ghost had launched all types of techniques at Grid and it took him only two seconds to return them with Flower Revolve. The immortal ghost quickly took out a talisman, but it couldn't handle the counterattack. The time was too short. 

“Kuoh!” 

Plop! 

The immortal ghost couldn't bear the impact and floated back before falling into the reservoir. There was a great ripple as the immortal ghost sank to the bottom of the reservoir until it calmed down again. The immortal ghost wasn't dead. The ghost submerged at the bottom of the reservoir jumped up instantly and appeared on the surface of the water. It was amazing that it could ignore the pressure of the water. 

“S-Shit!” 

The dark ghost emerged in the air and its swaying body was like a candle in front of the wind. Spirits were immune to physical attacks and were somewhat vulnerable to daoism. It was even its own daoism. 

“Hurts! It hurts!” 

The immortal ghost's eyes were red. It recalled the pain of its former life when it failed to ascend and rushed angrily at Grid through the water. It was someone who wanted to become a sword immortal among the daoist immortals. The immortal ghost's swordsmanship was more threatening than its daoism. Thunderbolts were created every time its sword was swung and the sky was soon covered with clouds due to the linked actions. The immortal ghost's swordsmanship was powerful, but unreadable. 

'This is it.' 

It was the swordsmanship that confused the grandmaster for a while. Grid had abandoned his spirit of challenge when he saw the swordsmanship that injured the grandmaster's shoulder. He judged there would be no benefits if he struggled to fight these ghosts who were as powerful as yangbans, yet were classified as monsters, not bosses or NPCs. 

However, this wasn't the case anymore. The immortal ghost he had been reluctant to face now seemed like suitable prey. 

“Restraint.” 

“......!”

The immortal ghost's sword cutting at Grid's body stopped like it was a lie. It didn't show any signs of slowing down, perhaps because it had once aimed at becoming a daoist immortal. Even so, it was amazed by the pressure Grid gave off and briefly stiffened. 

The stiffness lasted only 0.2 seconds, but this was enough. The immortal ghost's swordsmanship was interrupted. The roaring thunderbolts and the clouds scattered and disappeared. The safe Grid linked the next sword dance in a relaxed manner. 

“Wave.” 

The storm-like sword energy stirred up the world. The immortal ghost's body tilted and then it was dragged in front of Grid. It was super close. It wasn't in the range of a sword. The sword couldn't be swung properly at this distance. 

The immortal ghost instinctively felt the danger of being hit by this sword energy and stepped back, but it was meaningless. It might be immune to the 'all speeds are reduced' buff and the loss of balance, but it couldn't be free from the debuff that 'slowed movement speed by 30%.' 

Grid's sword that moved forward was much faster than the immortal ghost's speed of retreating. 

“Pinnacle.” 

It was an instant skill. This sword that reproduced the attack of the Martial God, Chiyou, was close to perfection. No matter the distance, the trajectory or circumstances, it instantly activated and cut the target. 

[The target has received 1,095,000 damage.] 

"!?" The immortal ghost's red eyes shook as its chest was cut. A ghost was immune to physical attacks. Originally, only the fake body was cut and there was no damage to the soul. This was the feeling of pain to the soul. Grid confirmed the pain of the panicked immortal ghost and murmured, “It is useful.” 

[Grid's Combat Techniques (Intermediate) Lv. 7] 

[When equipped with weapons, physical attack power and magic attack power are increased by 25% and the hit rate of all attacks is increased by 7%. Additionally, magic casting time is reduced by 7%. 

★You can choose to increase physical attack power or magic attack power. 

★If you choose to increase physical attack power, then the magic attack power increase effect, hit rate increase effect, and casting shortening effect are deactivated. Meanwhile, physical attack power is increased by an additional 15%. 

★If you choose to increase magic attack power, then the physical attack power increase effect, hit rate increase effect, and casting shortening effect are deactivated. Meanwhile, magic attack power is increased by an additional 15%. 

*Current Status: Increase magic attack power.] 

The most important effect of the Fire Dragon Sword was that it could convert physical attack power to fire attribute magic attack power. Grid used the power of the Fire Dragon Sword to replace physical attack power with magic attack power and was more like a magician than a swordsman. 

The Pinnacle sword dance might only have physical attack power, but Grid inflicted quite a bit of damage on the immortal ghost with pure magic attack power. He also succeeded in lowering the defense of the immortal ghost with the additional effect of Pinnacle. 

Of course, this was a linked blow. 

“Flower.” 

Grid's only sword dance with magic attack power. 

[The target has received 3.170,500 damage.] 

They were beautiful petals that showed more power than Pinnacle. There was a decline in defense and the mark that allowed sword energy to bombard it. The immortal ghost lost its momentum and pulled out a talisman. It was a blue talisman. It was used for running away when disadvantaged. The grandmaster hadn't known the purpose of the talisman and had let an immortal ghost escape. 

However, Grid was able to discover the use of the talisman thanks to the grandmaster and he couldn't miss the immortal ghost. “Transcended Link Flower.” 

“......!”

The immortal ghost couldn't respond. It was because Shunpo was activated the moment Transcended Link Flower was used. Grid created the petals of sword energy while taking control of the immortal ghost's rear. 

“Transcendent, you...!” 

“Alarm, Magic Missile.” 

The flashes of light pierced the dark soul again and again and again. The soul abandoned the fake body and tried to flee, but it was swallowed up by Storm of the Fire God used by Grid and was completely destroyed. 

“...Should I stay here a few more days?” 

Grid had judged that it wasn't worth hunting the immortal ghosts because they were classified as normal monsters despite being as strong as yangbans. He needed too much effort to hunt one, but wouldn't receive a lot of experience in return. He thought that the profit compared to the expenditure wasn't worth it. He thought it would be much more beneficial to fight the yangbans and gain the breaths of the Four Auspicious Beasts than to fight the immortal ghosts. 

However, his thoughts changed at this moment. Grid had become stronger and the immortal ghosts were no longer burdensome opponents. 

“Let's stay a few more days.” 

In the end, Grid made up his mind to embark on a fierce hunt before returning. The immortal ghosts rarely dropped items, but they were so strong and special that they gave a lot of experience. He gained a huge 2.1% experience from just killing one... 

The smile on Grid's face never disappeared as he stayed at this place that was called the wailing wall by others. 

*** 

'I'm so excited.' 

For the first time in ages, he was immersed in hunting. The high experience meant he could train the Overgeared Skeletons, Noe, and Randy at the same time. Therefore, he could only feel happy.

'I didn't know so much time had passed.' 

He stayed in the reservoir for three days. It turned out to be hard to find the immortal ghosts. Due to the setting of 'those who failed to become daoist immortals,' the number was small and the respawn rate was terrible. 

“I should hurry back before Piaro worries.” 

He didn't want to leave because there was no more prey to hunt. It was because he was worried about Piaro. Grid expressed his feelings to Noe and climbed onto Overgeared Corn's back. All his 'Transcend' related skills were on cooldown and he had consumed a lot of stamina. Rather than relying on the uncertain Shunpo when weary, it was much better to use Overgeared Corn as a ride. 

“Let's go.” 

Hihing! 

Overgeared Corn replied energetically. His eyes were curved like crescent moons. Grid, in the form of Irene, brightened his heart. 

“Ah, that's right. I don't need this anymore.” 

[Berith's Skin Mask has been taken off.] 

Hihing! 

Overgeared Corn suddenly lost energy and cried out, but Grid ignored it. 

*** 

“Ahh! What can I do?” 

The Xing King had been unable to sleep for three days. The Overgeared Queen should've returned in four days at the latest. The Xing King was worried because there had been no news from her. He wondered if she had been abused by the wicked yangbans and bad thoughts kept popping up. It was natural to worry about the well-being of his benefactor. 

“Gather the soldiers right away.” 

In the end, the Xing king couldn't bear it. A tremendous 10,000 soldiers. All the soldiers of the capital were assigned to search for the Overgeared Queen. He intended to find her as soon as possible because the Overgeared Queen could be in a situation where she was severely injured. The soldiers had just received orders to begin their journey when a voice was heard. 

“Her Majesty hasn't returned yet?” Piaro returned to the royal palace after being stuck in the walnut forest for over a week. Prior to being a farmer, he was the great general of the Overgeared Kingdom.

The Xing King and his officials nervously expected the great general to be angry, but unexpectedly, Piaro was calm.

“I'm looking forward to it.” Rather, Piaro was happy. He was smiling so brightly when there was no news of his queen? 

'Is it a false loyalty?' 

The Xing King was having doubts when Piaro spoke meaningful words, “Her Majesty will have become stronger.” 

 “......?”

The Overgeared Queen left for a short visit to the Hwan Kingdom. She hadn't left for training purposes. Yet she would become stronger? 

It happened when the confused Xing King was shaking his head... 

Clang! 

The teacup in Piaro's hand shattered. 

“......?”

The surprised Xing King looked at Piaro's hand and his large hand shook. What happened? 

Chill. 

The Xing King was having doubts when he felt it. He was able to clearly sense the strong since he had seen the yangbans from his childhood. This terrifying energy was gradually getting closer to the great hall. 

'W-Who is it? Who is this monster?' 

A monster reminiscent to Garam among the yangbans. The probability of a being with such terrifying energy being human was extremely low. 

'Don't tell me?' 

Had the black tortoise's protection weakened? Would this kingdom be invaded by the yangbans again? The Xing King was terrified and frustrated. 

“I greet My Liege!” Just then, Piaro rose from his seat and bowed to the entrance of the great hall. The person who entered was... 

“It has been a while, Piaro.” 

It was Overgeared King Grid whom the Xing King had only seen a portrait of. The Xing king was thrilled to see he boasted a far more powerful presence than the Overgeared Queen, who he had thought was the real power of the Overgeared Kingdom. He had seen many people who were worse than the rumors, but it was the first time he saw a person who was more than the rumors.