[Hell Gao, the master of hellfire, has been successfully defeated!] 

['Horn of the Selected Demonkin' has been acquired.] 

['Necklace of Hierarchy' has been acquired.] 

['Ring of Hierarchy' has been acquired.] 

[39 Blessed Weapon Enhancement Stones have been acquired.] 

[68 Blessed Armor Enhancement Stones have been acquired.] 

[Your reputation in hell has increased by 2,000.]

[Your level has risen.] 

[Your level has risen.] 

[Horn of the Selected Demonkin] 

[Rating: Legendary 

Durability: 890/890  Attack Power: 2,599  

* Attack speed will increase by 20%. 

* Critical hit chance will increase by 50%. 

* Critical hit damage will increase by 120%. 

* 50% increase in fire resistance. 

* There is a 30% chance to counterattack when hit by a fire attribute attack. 

The horn of the demonic creature chosen by Hell Gao and was deprived of its body. 

It is hard and sharp, so it is good to use as a weapon. 

Conditions of Use: Level 600. Advanced Sword Mastery Level 5. 

Weight: 830] 

'This.' 

As a legendary rated item, it naturally had a great performance, but it wasn't enough to satisfy Grid. 

'The performance isn't bad, but the level restriction is uselessly high.' 

It would've been considered if the level limit was 400. However, it was level 600. Grid was first in the unified rankings and had just reached level 417. This meant 600 was an unrealistic number. 

'It means that Hell Gao's level was that high.' 

Hell Gao's level was proportional to the number of fire stones. From the time he summoned seven fire stones with his appearance, his level would've been different from before. There was a high probability that this raid wouldn't have been possible if not for Fenrir's Power to overcome the level difference. 

'No, it would've been impossible.' 

The greatness of the rune was realized. Recently, the runes were evaluated as the 'ultimate' system. There were no limits to the runes. Just as Grid's rune gained unique abilities every time he defeated named demonkin, demonic creatures, and demons, the other runes released into the world would grow infinitely every time certain conditions were met. 

Of course, the difficulty of achieving these conditions were terrifyingly high. Wasn't it obvious that the growth conditions were difficult just by looking at Grid's rune? Defeating named demonkin, demonic creatures, and demons wasn't something that anyone could do. There were no easy opponents among the direct descendant vampires and the great demons that Grid raided. 

[Rune of Gluttony] 

[* Weakened Great Demon Hell Gao's Power] 

[Domination]

[There is a certain probability of controlled demonic creatures with a lower level than you. 

You can control up to two demonic creatures. 

Resources Consumed: Target demonic creature's food, 10,000 mana 

Domination Duration Time: 24 hours. 

Skill Cooldown Time: 30 minutes] 

“Hmm...”

It was an unexpected power. He naturally thought Hell Gao would give him a power related to fire, but this line of thinking seemed to be too narrow. 

'It isn't strange to give me the power to dominate demonic creatures because he takes over the body of a demonic creature every time he appears in the human world.' 

Was this a force to be pleased with? Demonic creatures referred to monsters living in hell and Grid didn't know hell very well. He couldn't properly measure the level of hell's monsters. 

'I don't know...' 

It was too bad. Perhaps if he had raided Hell Gao in his intact state, then he would've gained multiple powers at once like Belial and then he wouldn't have felt this ambiguity. Grid was smacking his lips together when he suddenly felt puzzled. 'Will I gain additional powers if I raid the same target repeatedly?' 

In fact, Grid hadn't expected Hell Gao's powers to be attached to the rune. Hell Gao was different from other great demons. He didn't expect Hell Gao to be valued since he respawned in a specific area every cycle like an ordinary boss monster. 

However, Hell Gao's power was attached to the rune while Hell Gao would respawn again next month. No, since the number of fire stones had increased, it would be 40 days later? Grid thought it would be better to kill Hell Gao again at that time. 

'Hell Gao's other powers can be attached to the rune... he can't be killed unless I appear myself.'

He wasn't underestimating the raid teams led by the Overgeared members. Hell Gao was just too strong. First of all, his level was overwhelming. Grid might be able to deal with it using Fenrir's Power, but what about the other players? 

“Um...?” 

Grid had been rubbing the demonic creature's horn when immersed in thoughts, only to suddenly realize it was uncomfortable to hold. It was because this grip was really bad. It seemed uncomfortable to use this horn because it wasn't a weapon intended to be used by humans. It was the body part of a demon, after all. 

'This means...' 

Wouldn't it be reborn as a much better weapon if the shape was refined to be usable? In particular, there was a high probability of lowering the ridiculous user restriction. 

'I should improve my understanding of it while using it for the time being.' 

Once he increased his understanding to 100% and used Item Modification, it would be reborn as a top-notch weapon. It might not be able to reach the rank of swords such as the Enlightenment Sword and the Fire Dragon Sword, but it would still be a first-tier weapon. Furthermore, Grid's swords could only be used by himself while the monster's horn could be transferred to the Overgeared members. Easing the level condition would greatly contribute to the increase in the guild's power. 

Grid first used Pagma's Eyes to improve his understanding and he looked at the necklace and ring. 

[Ring of Hierarchy] 

[Rating: Legendary 

* Intelligence +300 

* The duration of taming type skills will be doubled. 

* Intelligence +100 when worn with the Necklace of Hierarchy. 

★If the taming target is a monster of hell then the duration of Domination is permanently changed. 

A ring that symbolizes Hell Gao's status and power. 

The demonic creatures of hell will instinctively submit. 

User Restriction: Level 500 or higher. 

Weight: 11] 

[Necklace of Hierarchy] 

[Rating: Legendary 

* Intelligence +300 

* Dignity +300 

* The number of controllable demonic creatures +2. 

* Intelligence +100 when worn with the Ring of Hierarchy. 

A necklace that symbolizes Hell Gao's status and power. It is red and gorgeous and enhances the dignity of the wearer. 

Conditions of Use: Level 550 

Weight: 35] 

“...Now it wants me to be a tamer?” 

The condition of use was to be level 550. It meant the hierarchy items would be considered Grid-only items for the next few years. No, even if the conditions of use were low, Grid had no intention of transferring this to others. How could he give up set items that increased his intelligence by 800? 

Grid felt like he was being forced to take a new secondary class. It was a class where he could control four approximately level 400 demonic creatures of hell. 

-Yura, recommend some terrifying demonic creatures to me... 

It seemed he would have to be active in hell for the time being. He had to investigate the ecosystem of hell, find out which demonic creatures were strongest among the monsters below level 417, and which monsters should be tamed. He would use Demon Slayer Yura as a guide. 

[The other person is in a place where they can't receive whispers.] 

'She is still hunting.' 

It was right to say that Yura was in hell for 23 hours a day. It wasn't easy to communicate with her in the game when she only came back from hell to replenish supplies such as potions and consumables. She worked so hard that her level up speed must be fast. A few days ago, Yura said that she finally achieved level 400... 

Yura and Chris had surpassed level 400 and he wondered if Kraugel had reached it. Kraugel's growth rate had been unmatched since the time when he was a genius among geniuses and the supreme one. 

'I should go to the National Competition this year.' 

He wanted to compete with Kraugel. He was looking forward to seeing his rival who must've become incredibly strong over the past two years. 

“Let's go back.” 

It happened when Grid smiled and took out a return scroll with Mercedes... 

“Grid!” 

A cry was heard and soon the members of raid team one appeared, including Pon and Toban. 

“Phew, thank goodness. You're safe!” 

“Do you know how worried we were?” 

It really took 10 years off their life. Grid was Grid, but if something happened to Mercedes, then the entire Overgeared Kingdom would be filled with an atmosphere of sorrow. The relieved Pon and Toban looked around at the signs of destruction. 

“By the way, it is fortunate. There would've been no solution if Hell Gao had summoned the seventh fire stone.” 

“Toban is right. Grid, now is the time to be careful. There is a high possibility that Hell Gao will become much stronger in his next appearance. So don't challenge him yourself next time. I think the entire Overgeared members must participate in the raid for a chance to succeed.” 

“Uh... Yes.” 

He would postpone saying that seven fire stones had appeared until next time. He thought that the shock to the kids would be too great. 

Grid was nodding silently when Mercedes opened her mouth, “Hell Gao has already summoned the seventh fire stone. After personally experiencing the power firsthand, I think that King Grid should personally be responsible for controlling Hell Gao.” 

“Okay, I understand... Eh?” 

Raid team one was silent for a moment. They all had wide, dumb eyes after understanding Mercedes' words. Their mouths dropped open. 

At the same time, Kaya on the East Continent...  

[Overgeared King Grid has completed the eighth page of the epic!]

[Due to the influence of the epic, the stats of all the legends of this age are slightly increased.] 

It was literally a slight increase. His four combat related stats of strength, agility, intelligence, and stamina had each increased by 10 points. Ordinary users might think that everything mattered regardless of how small, but common sense didn't apply to legendary classes. They led their various fields and were able to grow their stats faster and in a more versatile manner through various quests and titles acquired. In fact, the 40 stat points didn't have much of an impact on the battle. 

Kraugel was still struggling while the yangban Yeum had the advantage. However, Kraugel's mindset completely changed when he heard Grid's epic. 

'Grid...' 

The distinction between the previous generation and the present was removed? Was it saying that Grid caught up with the legends that were active hundreds of years ago in just approximately a decade? It was completely different from Kraugel who kept standing in place. Daring to compare with Grid... 

“Weren't you going to give up?” 

Yeum frowned when Kraugel launched a vicious attack. Her patience was limited. She didn't expect this ragged human to be so tenacious. After fighting for dozens of minutes, wounds were etched on her body. It made her training and research over the past hundreds of years feel unjust. They were years she spent with Mir while ignoring Chiyou's Test. She was feeling unpleasant when Kraugel pointed his sword at her. “I have a friend pushing my back.” 

“?” 

“Swordsmanship Creation. Thunderbolt.” 

Yeum's health gauge fell below 50%. It was a result that exceeded the standards Kraugel initially aimed for.