[Amoract, the great demon of conflict, is waiting for you somewhere in hell.] 

This was the message that appeared when Yura saw Baal. The great demon who approached Yura during the days when Yura was Yatan's Servant—she seemed to be in a conflicting and competitive relationship with Baal since a long time ago. It was one of Yura's hopes. Yura knew she had to meet Amoract. She started searching through all the hells to find Amoract. 

'Of course, Amoract's tendencies won't be different from Baal.' 

Yura estimated that Amoract's ranking was between 5th and 2nd. The information of the top ranking great demons were almost unknown, except for Baal and Beriache, but based on various circumstances, Amoract was likely to be second. The higher the ranking, the darker the evil, and Amoract was clearly wicked and similar to Baal. 

However, Yura thought she could use Amoract to catch Baal. It was impossible to stop Baal without the help of an absolute being. It was because hell would be eternal unless Baal was defeated. 

'Additionally, Amoract should know the weaknesses of Demon God Sitri.' 

Helmis, the blacksmith of hell, had said it. In order for Grid to become stronger, he needed the heart of the Demon God. 

'Let's go.' 

The 5th Hell—she was aimlessly wandering in an area filled with monsters that were over level 600. Yura moved secretly through this place and crossed several life and death crises. She insisted on moving forward despite being afraid and tired. She wanted to check the identity of the master by going to the castle where the master of the 5th Hell resided. 

Of course, the price would be death. She would feel great despair if the owner of the 5th Hell wasn't Amoract. It meant she would have to visit the 3rd and 2nd Hells in turn when they boasted a much more heinous difficulty than the 5th Hell. 

“......”

Yura's black eyes continued to shake as she held her breath while moving in order to not be noticed by the wandering monsters. It looked exactly like the day she visited the 1st Hell to help Grid. Nevertheless, Yura kept moving forward. She didn't stop walking. 

***

Empress Aria was as good as her appearance. She was kind to anyone and always did good deeds. She was everyone's role model. People loved her regardless of their status. There was no one who hated her, until Empress Marie appeared. 

'Why?'

Why was the emperor tempted by that greedy woman? How did the incompetent man who couldn't even protect his wife become the emperor? He... why didn't he protect her? Why, why, why, why...? Prince Benoit resented everything in the empire, including himself. He hated the emperor who stayed quiet even after finding out that Marie was the one who killed Aria and he despised the people who no longer missed his mother. 

'I curse you!' 

Marie, the emperor, the people, and himself. 

“I curse you!” Prince Benoit shouted again as he fell into the endless abyss. The echo in his ears was like a response to his shouts.

“All the humans of the empire! I curse everything in the empire!” 

May the subjects who forgot the love and kindness of his mother suffer like his mother. May this monstrous empire that had no value after his mother died perish. Prince Benoit longed for it.

-I remember. 

The demon curled up in the abyss opened his eyes. 

-I am the hope of those whose heart's desire is a curse. 

Biplonz, the demon who was trapped in a cage and forgot himself—bloody tears flowed from his eyes in response to Benoit's desire. 

-Demon of curses... 

The 11th great demon sealed by Sword Saint Muller—after wandering as a soul for hundreds of years, he was defeated by Kraugel and the impact of that time caused him to lose his memories of his previous life, and he succeeded in reincarnating.

“Drasion! Listen to my curses!” Benoit shouted. The contract was established immediately. 

-I understand. 

Red demonic energy exploded through the Abyss that had been encroached on by darkness. The hatred and curses of the prisoners trapped in the Abyss responded to Drasion's magic. 

“Kuaaaaaack!” 

“Kyaaaak!” 

The screams of the prisoners started to spread from everywhere. Drasion was a person who coveted the contractor's soul and body in exchange for fulfilling the contractor's wish. The prisoners who had cursed someone while trapped in the Abyss became Drasion's contractors. In return, the souls and bodies were swallowed up. Among them were those whose suffering would never end in the future, including Empress Marie. 

“Aaaaaaack!” 

In the midst of the pain of her bones and flesh melting, Marie's shaking eyes saw a shadow falling from the sky as she screamed. It was a man smiling at her against the red background. It was Prince Benoit.  

“Ben... aaack!” 

She would've been better off if she was killed by the executioners. Empress Marie died in grief that this terrible torment would continue even after death. 

“Hahat! Kuhahahahat!” 

Benoit's mad laugh ran out, swallowing the prisoners' cries. His soul and body were suffering like the prisoners, but he was neither afraid nor hopeless. He thought it would be enough if he could share this pain even after death with Marie and this made him feel joyful. The left hand of the man, which had decayed in exchange for opening the gates of hell in the past, was the first to be destroyed. Then his two feet and his legs started to melt.  

Then someone's urgent cry penetrated the ears of Benoit who was in pain, but enduring it. “Summon Knights!”  

'Wh... o?' 

“Ruby!” 

The image of a woman appearing along with a beam of light entered Benoit's view. She was a woman with a gentle smile like his mother. 

“Light of Purification.” 

Flash! 

A warm, blue energy filled the Abyss. It was an energy that quickly extinguished the red demonic energy filling the Abyss. 

-What?! 

After greedily eating the souls and bodies of the prisoners, Drasion's face distorted as he was enjoying the last supper (Benoit). The Saintess—the object that great demons hated and feared the most suddenly appeared in front of his eyes and disturbed him. He had no choice but to feel flustered. 

-You!

From the depths of the Abyss, Drasion soared upwards. His sharp nails were aimed at the heart of the Saintess who was continuing to emit light. However, his nails didn't touch the heart of the Saintess. A glass-like transparent sword blocked Drasion's nails and burned red. Then it emitted a flame reminiscent of a dragon's breath that burned Drasion's flesh. 

“Benoit!” 

A voice familiar to Drasion called out the name of the prince who was barely still alive. A man whose eyes were firmly shining despite being in the Abyss full of despair. He shook off Drasion with a brilliant sword dance and reached out to Prince Benoit.  

“Emperor Juander asked me to look after you!” 

“......!!”

Benoit's dim eyes widened. His father, who always regarded him as a thorn, cared about his well-being at the last moment? A certain emotion shook Benoit's heart. Forgotten pain and great regret struck him, but Benoit knew it was too late. 

“Drasion's curse... it will cover the empire and head for the Sword Saint.” 

Benoit barely managed to speak before his eyes lost their light. Unknowingly, his one remaining hand reached out toward Grid before his body sagged. 

“Oppa!” 

Ruby was perplexed by the sight of Benoit falling out of the range of Light of Purification and shouted urgently. However, Grid couldn't do anything. The Abyss beyond the light was so dark that it was impossible to designate a space to use Shunpo. Besides, Drasion was right in front of him. 

It felt completely different from when he was Biplonz. The great demon abandoned purity and stared at Grid with malice and hostility. In the first place, Grid's righteousness ended here. The reason he tried to save Benoit was because he remembered Juander's last request. He had no intention of giving up his own life and those of his companions after he was forced to pursue Benoit who had fallen into the depths of the Abyss. 

“Summon Knight, Mercedes.” 

“I have responded to Your Majesty's call.”

“Take Ruby and run away.” 

Teleport and return scrolls didn't work. He needed Mercedes' help in order to let Ruby leave here safely. 

“...I understand.” 

Mercedes hesitated a little over Grid's order to leave him, but she soon answered and held Ruby in her arms, flying away.

-The Saintess can't be spared. 

Drasion tried to follow the flying Mercedes, but Grid blocked his path just like Drasion previously blocked his way. 

“You've changed a lot, Biplonz.” 

-I haven't changed. I've been restored to my original form. 

“I thought you were a good guy for a demon.” 

-The memory of meeting you wasn't very bad. 

There was no further conversation. Grid used all his power to prevent Drasion from advancing while Drasion pushed him with ease. Grid had just raided Botis and was at a disadvantage. Most of his ultimate skills were still on cooldown so Grid wasn't in peak condition. The reason he held on was due to Ruby and Mercedes. 

“Elfin Stone!” 

“Blood Field.” 

Elfin Stone used his unique ability when he appeared and reversed the situation. Grid's lifestealing ability was greatly increased due to the effect of Blood Field. He used Extreme Blood Transfusion and his health that had fallen to just before hitting the immortal state was instantly refilled. Drasion glimpsed at the power of Grid, who possessed the vampire rings, various shields, and recovery skills, and he flicked his finger. 

“Doom.”

It was a healing reversal skill used by some high ranking demons. 

[You have been affected by Doom.]

[You will become an undead while Doom is maintained.] 

[The target has received 59,975 damage.] 

[You have received 13,194 damage due to the effect of Elfin Stone's Ring.] 

'Isn't this crazy?' 

Being an undead was judged to be an abnormal status? It was a new technique that couldn't be resisted. Grid's face became pale when he learned the skills of a true high ranking demon. He thought about the enemies he would have to face in the future and his vision darkened. However, it was the same from the opponent's point of view. 

-....?! 

Drasion got a chill after being hit by Grid's attack and being temporarily stopped by a stun. A stun—it was the first time he experienced it since he was born. He hadn't experienced it even on the day he was killed by Sword Saint Muller. 

'Are the humans of the present age stronger than Muller?' 

Grid barely managed to escape while Drasion, who was stiffened, stared at him like he was a monster. He got out of the Abyss and clicked his tongue. 

“Doom? How can I beat that guy?” 

-It might be dangerous to go up to the ground right now... 

Drasion's curse, which should've struck the empire, was temporarily sealed in the Abyss. It was a miracle caused by Ultimate Martial Art.