“This...”

A sudden change in weather—the cleared up sky became dark like night again, and the faces of the magicians staring at the sky turned pale. The higher the level of the magician, the more they started sweating. They realized the cause of the darkness was powerful demonic energy. It was much more powerful than the demonic energy of Botis, who appeared in the middle of the capital. It meant a great demon ranked higher than Botis had appeared near the capital. 

'Where?'

The empire was clearly strong. The weakness was that they distributed their power in order to protect such a large territory. The army stationed at the capital was less than a tenth of the entire imperial army. Among those guarding the capital, the strongest one was Lightning God Kyle. Excluding him, the continent-level talents were two magicians belonging to the 10 great magicians and three single digit knights. Many of the Red Knights were scattered throughout the empire and dukes such as Rachel and Morse usually defended their territory. 

If Grid hadn't visited Titan today— 

If Rachel and Morse hadn't rushed over after hearing about Grid's visit—

The capital Titan probably would've been crushed by Botis. In a severe situation, Basara might've had to abandon the capital and run away. The forced escape meant she would become the worst figure in the history of the empire. That's right. The 17th Great Demon, Botis, was one who put Titan in a crisis. Now a higher ranked great demon had appeared. It was the worst. 

The good news was that unlike Botis, it didn't appear in the middle of the city. There was some time to prepare.

“Your Majesty, I'm sorry but there seems to be a new great demon. Have the people evacuate quickly and summon troops to protect the imperial palace.” 

A person who confronted Goldhit, who called herself the Magician King—the one who spoke was Ricilia, one of the continent's 10 great magicians and the master of the white tower. A loyalist who already served three emperors, he was also the sage who noticed the experiments taking place in the Tower of Eternity and insisted that it be closed. The other magicians were agitated.

“In this situation, you want Her Majesty to defend the imperial palace? Who will take responsibility if something happens to Her Majesty?” 

“I'm saying we need Her Majesty's strength to fight against the great demon. Her Majesty's red energy and appearance will boost the morale of the soldiers and increase the skills of the knights. Her Majesty must stay if the imperial palace is to be protected.” 

“Don't speak nonsense! 

“There are less than 200,000 troops stationed in the capital, including 500 knights and 300 magicians! How can we fight against a great demon?” 

“Correct! We must have the soldiers set up barriers to buy time. During this period, Her Majesty will take refuge!” 

In a moment of crisis, the officials revealed their true natures. They expressed their desire to run away, using the empress as an excuse. Ricilia stared like they were pathetic as they tried their best to look better in front of the empress. “There is no ruler who has abandoned Titan in the history of the empire. Do you want Empress Basara to be accused of being a coward?” 

“There has never been a case where a great demon appeared in Titan! Why are you talking about old cases when this is happening due to the crazy prince!” 

The marquis who was yelling with excitement felt something wrong and shut his mouth. Benoit might've committed a crime and was trapped in the Abyss, but he was still of imperial blood. The marquis called Benoit crazy, so he deserved the wrath of the imperial family. 

Ricilia ignored him and continued speaking, “There is Sir Kyle in the imperial palace. If we join forces with Sir Kyle, then there is enough of a chance, even if the opponent is a single digit great demon.” 

Ricilia had lived for nearly a hundred years and had acquired all types of knowledge. Even so, he didn't know the true power of a single digit great demon. This didn't mean it was a groundless hope. It was because a man called Muller had sealed Hell Gao in the long past. 

Ricilia, the loyalist who served the empire for three generations, believed in the power of the empire. He believed that the power of the capital alone could fight and win against the great demons. There was just one error with his rationale.

“Let's see... will Sir Kyle work with us?” 

The eyes of the officials all immediately turned to Prince Dulandal. Lightning God Kyle was 2nd Prince Dulandal's subordinate. Dulandal was the only one who could move Kyle. Would Dulandal lend Kyle to assist Basara when he was openly aiming for the throne? It was unlikely. It was clear that he would only watch the crisis like he was on the other side of the river. 

He would even pray that Basara was killed by the great demon. It happened as everyone was deep in their thoughts...

“The cooperation of Sir Kyle is needed,” Dulandal opened his mouth from where he had been sitting down with a dissatisfied expression as always. He stood up and spoke to everyone, “If you are an official, then you can't overlook the crisis of your home.” 

“......”

“......”

The person who confronted the empress to achieve his ambitions and destabilized the situation of his homeland was talking about the duty of officials. The officials scoffed. “Sir Kyle will naturally help Your Majesty. If Your Majesty says to fight without running away, then Kyle and all the Black Knights will remain by your side and fight together.” 

“......!”

“......!”

The eyes of the officials widened at Dulandal's unexpected words. What was Dulandal's attitude? Rachel, Morse, and 1st Prince Roland were also shocked. Basara was the only one who smiled. Dulandal ordered Resh, who was watching the situation, “Bring Sir Kyle.” 

“Yes!” Resh's expression was bright as he responded vigorously. He might've become the knight he had dreamed so much of, but he was overwhelmed by regret every time he saw his master. Now he was thrilled by the changed Dulandal. It was a sudden change, but he fully understood Dulandal's feelings. How much good intentions had Basara shown so far? 

Every time Dulandal openly ignored her and kept her power in check, she endured it and didn't punish Dulandal. She steadily cultivated the affection of blood through direct contact. It was Dulandal who disregarded that they were kin and said it was a petty thing... 

'In times of crisis, he is finally standing with his kin.' 

Resh was sometimes worried he would be worse than a brute, but fortunately, this wasn't the case. Resh left with a bright expression and rushed to Kyle's palace. He managed to persuade the displeased Kyle and brought him to the great hall. 

“You called me.” 

Kyle's attitude as he entered the great hall was very reluctant. He didn't look at the officials, including Rachel and Morse, and he didn't even bow to Empress Basara. The same was true for Dulandal who he called his master. The only pillar left in the empire was arrogant. It was a headache for the empire who felt hope for him. 

However, what could they do? It was a crisis where they might have to abandon the capital. Basara and her officials had to rely on him. There were no idiots in this place who would dare to question his attitude in this dire situation and create unnecessary anger. 

Dulandal told him, “You've must've already noticed it? A new great demon has appeared near the capital.” 

“I know. It has a higher ranking than Botis.” 

The officials gasped. They were furious that Kyle was aware of the circumstances but showed no signs of acting. What was Kyle thinking when he watched Botis raging in the middle of the capital?Was this person really a man of the empire? Could he be trusted? 

Everyone doubted Kyle. It was also true for Dulandal. Dulandal made Kyle his subordinate but he couldn't trust Kyle. He hadn't even heard the pledge of allegiance. Dulandal was able to gain Kyle because he gave a lot of wealth. It might be due to Dulandal's promise that if he was made emperor, he would make Kyle the supreme power in the empire. Even if he became emperor due to Kyle, wouldn't he have just been a puppet? 

Dulandal felt uneasy at the thought of being used by Kyle all his life. Had he been unknowingly making the second grandmaster? Dulandal sighed as he finally realized his folly in trying to take the throne with Kyle's power. 

“If you know, then this conversation will be quick. I hope you will help Her Majesty the Empress protect the imperial palace.” 

“Help Her Majesty?” 

Kyle noticed that Dulandal's heart had changed and seemed to be laughing. Kyle shrugged at the frowning Dulandal. “Who knows? It might be smarter to run away rather than fight.” 

“Titan is the heart of the empire. I can't run away,” the silent Basara finally opened her mouth. She politely spoke to Kyle, “Sir Kyle, I'm not going to ask you to fight for me. I just want you to think about the grace you received from former emperor Juander and ask if you would consider protecting the empire. Please.” 

Kyle was the weakest of the pillars. There were times when he was weaker than a single digit knight. However, Juander saw something in him and believed in him. It was Juander who ignored the cries of the people who insisted that Kyle's skills were lacking and made Kyle a pillar of the empire. Today's Kyle had blossomed and showed his strength in response to Juander's faith. He wasn't inferior to the other pillars in their prime. 

“......”

Kyle stopped laughing the moment Juander's name came out. He thought about it for a moment before opening his mouth, “I don't want to. I want to avoid a fight without any odds.” 

“What?!”

The officials were agitated. Some of them were red with anger. It was impossible for anyone to think well of Kyle, who refused a request that wasn't the empress' order. Besides, Kyle owed a debt to Juander. He said he would run away despite being paid by the empire and having an obligation to protect the empire. Morse was filled with killing intent. The atmosphere had just become harsh when a voice was heard.

“If you don't like it, then you should get lost. I'll fight him on my own.” 

Grid, who suddenly disappeared, was now entering the great hall. After barely escaping from the Abyss, he sent a whisper to Resh and rushed to the imperial palace. 

“Ohh! The Overgeared King!” 

The prideful officials of the empire warmly welcomed Grid. It was natural since he was the benefactor who fought for the empire. It happened when Grid was being guided to sit down beside the empress and rest... 

“I-I greet Your Majesty the Overgeared King!!” 

Kyle suddenly bowed to Grid when he hadn't even bowed to the empress and princes. He shouted while slamming his forehead against the ground, “If Your Majesty wants me to fight, then I will fight! I will remain until the end and fight with Your Majesty!” 