Was there any chance to survive if an ordinary soldier was Drasion's target? Of course not. The chances of the soldiers surviving was low even if Drasion didn't care about them. It was just like a mouse being stepped on and crushed by a bull. Drasion's unknowing behavior was likely to cruelly kill the soldiers. 

Grid, the Overgeared members, Empress Basara, the ministers of the empire, and even the soldiers knew it. The reason why the soldiers of the empire participated in the battle against Drasion was because they had a firm will.It was a will to protect their homeland. The reason Basara accepted their will to participate was because she needed their strength.

“Shoot!” 

It was the moment a deeper shadow was cast at the entrance of the Abyss and the ground started to shake. Tens of thousands of arrows were fired the moment the commanders shouted. Sharp arrows filled the red sky above the huge entrance of the Abyss. It was a spectacular show that fully demonstrated the strength of the empire. 

The thousands of arrows struck the giant body of Drasion that was just revealed. However, all the arrows bounced back without even scratching Drasion's skin. The soldiers didn't despair. The eyes of the tens of thousands of soldiers who loaded new arrows were still shining brightly. 

The magic of the magicians dwelled on the arrowheads of the soldiers. Some arrows were surrounded by fire while others by wind, ice, or earth. There were also arrows covered in the divine power of the Rebecca Church.  

“Shoot!” The commanders shouted again. 

The tens of thousands of arrows once again flew in an arc. Unlike the first shot that was fired at the entrance after predicting Drasion's appearance, the second shot accurately targeted Drasion. It boasted a higher accuracy. Drasion just stared up at the sky and most of the arrows hit him.  

The difference was that some of the arrows penetrated Drasion's skin slightly. A small portion of the tens of thousands of arrows—less than 110 arrows decorated Drasion's body like thorns. Among the arrows that fused different attributes and divine power, those fired by centurion-grade or higher soldiers had a small effect. The magicians and priests exchanged looks and focused their target on the arrows of the centurions and officers. 

“Express your inner anger.” 

Then Drasion murmured as he took his gaze away from the sky. Black magic power spread like a fog and covered the battlefield. 

[Drasion's curse is spreading!] 

The raid finally began. Drasion's curse peeked at and brought out the anger and resentment in the human heart, causing confusion and violence. 

“Kuaaaak!” 

Screams were heard from the camp of the imperial army. Some of the soldiers cursed by Drasion lost their rationality and started attacking allies. However, the confusion in the Overgeared army was lower. It was because Drasion's curse that stimulated the 'target's resentment' showed a high hit rate against NPCs, but not players. Lauel's choice to build a raid unit with player soldiers, not NPCs, became a divine move. 

'It is lucky.' 

The reason Lauel chose players rather than NPCs was simple. It was an era where the average level of players was higher than ordinary soldier NPCs. Their abnormal status resistance and attribute resistance increased every time they gained a level so Lauel decided that player soldiers would be much more useful in the great demon raid than NPCs soldiers. He didn't predict that Drasion's curse had more of an effect on NPCs, but it was a good fit. 

“Kuaaaaah! I will kill them all! I'm going to kill them all!” 

Of course, this didn't mean that players were completely immune to the curses. In particular, players with low dark attribute resistance or confusion resistance were easily cursed. They lost their temper and started attacking allies. It was just that the number was relatively small. 

“Jude, ears hurt.” 

Bam!

“Frozen Crystal.” 

They were quickly overpowered. There were so many strong people who could respond to variables in the camp of the Overgeared Kingdom. This included Jude, Marquis Ashur, Amelda, Dante, the former Red Knights, and the upper-intermediate members of the Overgeared members. They were members who couldn't join the main party, but it wasn't because they were weak. The main power of the Overgeared Kingdom was just unusually strong. 

“Uraaaaaaah!” Vantner's noisy shout rang through the middle of the battlefield. There was a momentary gap when Drasion first appeared and the soldiers pulled the aggro. Then the main force moved quickly in order not to miss the golden opportunity created by numerous sacrifices. The main figures of the empire and the Overgeared Kingdom aimed at Drasion who was paying attention to the soldiers and launched an offensive. 

'Good.' 

The soldiers of the empire might've made great sacrifices, but it was off to a good start, as planned. Relief flashed on Lauel's face as he climbed onto the watchtower installed on the carriage and observed the battlefield. Light passed through the air for a brief moment before disappearing quickly. 

“......!”

Lauel's expression became as stiff as stone. He first detected a change due to Mercedes' actions. She was spreading open her silver wings to fly when she abruptly stopped and turned. Soon after, Grid stopped as he was doing the footwork of a four fusion sword dance and immediately after that, Piaro suddenly pulled out seeds and started sowing them around. 

“Gravity.” 

Subsequently, it wasn't known when Braham started chanting, but his great magic was used. It was magic that crushed all the Overgeared members approaching Drasion with gravity except for Mercedes, Grid, and Piaro who retreated first. 

 “What are you doing?” 

Vantner, who had been holding an axe in one hand and a shield in the other, spun like a windmill and suddenly crashed. He jumped up from where he was stuck in the group and was going to angrily question it when he abruptly stopped. It was because hot, red liquid poured toward Vantner's bald head that had swelled like a mushroom. 

“......!!”

“......!!”

Vantner and the Overgeared members stared up at the sky and were shocked. They witnessed the appearance of the single digit Red Knights whose bodies were cut in half. 

“W-What?” 

They were weaker than the Red Knights in Juander's era, but they were still the Red Knights. The level of the single digit Red Knights must exceed 450.Yet an attack completely destroyed their armor and cut them with one blow. 

“Groan...” 

The knights numbered 1-4 landed on the ground and groaned like they had escaped the crisis. However, all the other single digit knights couldn't avoid death and turned to gray ash. There was a metallic sound from one side of the sky where the blood of the dead was falling. 

Everyone's eyes turned in that direction. Rachel, Morse, and Grenhal—the empire's dukes were defending against someone's attacks with their backs to each other. The man attacking the dukes had his two legs bound by chains. The dukes were hurriedly defending against his swift attacks. The three dukes with such high skills were being pushed by only one enemy. Those watching felt it was absurd. 

“You...” Grid's expression hardened as he looked at the situation on the ground. He alone knew the identity of the uninvited visitor overwhelming the three dukes. The person who had his eyes blindfolded and both hands restrained by a thick iron plate. His ankles were also tied by chains that were too long. 

There was only one person with such an unusual appearance that Grid knew. Lee Jeong—one of the Triad, and the person who was said to have the strongest ability among the followers of the Martial God. 

“Braham!” Grid anxiously called out to Braham. The dukes didn't have the ability to fly. In the state of a full jump under the influence of gravity, they couldn't bear Lee Jeong's fierce attacks and needed help. 

“Tsk.” Braham clicked his eyes like he didn't like Grid's anxious eyes. Then he stretched out his long fingers and pointed it at Lee Jeong. “GIga Lightning.” 

Lee Jeong was pressuring the dukes by changing positions from all directions. It was virtually impossible to target him from a distance. Therefore, Braham took control of all the possible paths. A powerful wave of electricity stretched out and spread around the dukes, causing the surprised Lee Jeong to back off. Thanks to this, the dukes managed to land safely on the ground and they bowed respectfully to Braham. 

“Thank you for the help.” 

The resurrection of Great Magician Braham had already been revealed to the public. The great magicians stuck in the magic towers didn't recognize Braham, but everyone else knew him. 

“Hiccup!” Great Magician Ricilia's eyes widened and he hiccuped. It was the aftermath of seeing Braham's magic. The wave of magic power was so powerful that it was impossible to measure because it was instantly cast without the help of a magic circle or chant. Braham's strength was difficult to understand even with the vast knowledge of Great Magician Ricilia. 

"What are you looking at?” Braham became uncomfortable with the looks and questioned Ricilia and the magic tower members who couldn't take their eyes off him. They were startled and bowed simultaneously. 

“Ah. I have sinned earlier. I didn't know who you were and dared to point things out. 

Ricilia and the magic tower members were great magicians who shivered with disgust at those who lost their dignity, yet they were all equal under Braham, Braham was satisfied with their attitude of deep reflection and warned Grid, “There are some people who are trying to help Drasion.” 

“I can see.” 

What was going on? Why were the followers of the Martial God helping Drasion? Grid stared at Lee Jeong in the sky before turning to Kyle. Kyle was a follower of the Martial God, but he didn't know the situation. Kyle spoke with difficulty, “No, the Martial God has sent a revelation.”

“Revelation?” 

“...I-It is a revelation to wipe out all the humans fighting Drasion.” 

“What?” Wiping out the humans who worshipped him instead of helping? Grid wasn't curious about the reason at all. He just felt a strong disgust. “These fuckers who are worse than dogs...” 

Flinch! 

Kyle's back was wet with sweat and he was shocked when he heard Grid's low curses. Grid gave a chance to the fidgety Kyle. “You take responsibility for this.” 

This was a test. If Kyle broke the revelation and fought Lee Jeong, then it would prove that Kyle's allegiance to Grid was real. 

“Are you telling me to fight one of the Triad?” 

The Triad was the peak of the followers. Additionally, there were rumors that Lee Jeong had recently learned the ultimate martial art. 

“......”

Kyle was dumbfounded and shut his mouth. He saw Grid's eyes and realized he was in the midst of a great ordeal. If it was just Grid here, then Kyle wouldn't have been troubled for too long. He would naturally choose the Martial God, not Grid. However, it was different now. 

Kyle looked at the tens of thousands of troops surrounding the battlefield. He didn't feel anything. It didn't matter how many soldiers there were. They posed no threat to him.  

Kyle's gaze fell on the dukes and surviving single digit knights. He wasn't afraid. He felt he could face them alone. 

Then Kyle's gaze turned to Mercedes and Piaro. He was pretty nervous. He had learned new secret techniques over the past year and was strong enough, but it seemed difficult to beat them both. Nevertheless, he didn't think he would lose. 

Finally, Kyle's gaze turned to Braham. The moment he made eye contact with Braham, he was terrified and immediately shifted his gaze. It was the end of the conflict.

“U-Understood. I won't be able to beat him, but I'll somehow buy some time.” 

Kyle answered with a tearful expression and soared into the sky. It was the moment when a traitor was born among the 30 followers still remaining on the West Continent. Thanks to this, the Drasion raid team could focus on Drasion again.