The royal family's coming of age ceremony wasn't complicated. They would display their etiquette, discuss what they had learned, or exhibit their talents in front of distinguished guests from different kingdoms. It was akin to a type of school meeting. The invited guests evaluated the appearance, dignity, and potential of the main character of the coming of age ceremony. They predicted the future of the protagonist and wondered what type of relationship to establish with them in the future. 

In that sense, the first impression Lord gave was the best. 

'Beautiful.'

'He will make the continent boil the moment he makes his debut in the social circle.' 

The combination of black hair and blue eyes was in perfect harmony. The white and clean skin that resembled his mother might seem fragile, but the sharp eyes resembled his father. There was a sense of maturity that didn't fit his age as he behaved well, moving among the VIPs with a graceful gait and a gentle smile. 

The back of his hand revealed through the fluttering robes was full of calluses. It seemed he had learned swordsmanship and blacksmithing from his father. Seeing him followed by elementals that emitted light, it seemed he had studied the elementals with Great Sage Sticks. 

'Three elementals... they are even light, earth, and water.' 

He reached the point where he could grow flowers and trees using just elementals. It was at the young age of 15. Among the admirers, the empress and dukes had particularly wide eyes. 

'It means he can grow flowers and trees by himself...' 

'It is easy for him to learn agriculture from Sir Piaro.' 

'It isn't just King Grid and Sir Sticks who serves as a teacher. Is it Sir Piaro as well?' 

Swordsmanship, blacksmithing, elementals, and agriculture—it looked like many different fields, but they surprisingly had something in common. Learning swordsmanship gave physical strength and physical strength was needed for blacksmithing. Working in the smithy added muscle strength and muscle strength was needed for swordsmanship. Learning elemental techniques increased affinity with nature and this would help with agriculture. Learning agriculture helped to understand nature and assisted in dealing with elementals. 

'He was taught systematically...' 

'Starting from etiquette, there are no flaws.'

'Queen Irene's level of discipline is unusual. It is truly the blood of a famous family.' 

It was a time when the distinguished guests, especially those with good vision, sighed with admiration... 

“I would like to express my gratitude to the distinguished guests who came to bless me on my transition to adulthood,” Lord opened his mouth for the first time. It was a clear, deep voice that pulled out people's souls. The hearts of many women shook. Lord had an irresistible factor that a normal boy could never have. 

Sua smiled happily as silence fell in the hall. 

'It is really rewarding to teach him.' 

Lord's expressions, gestures, speech, and voice weren't a result of Irene's teachings alone. Sua corrected it a bit so that Lord could gain the favor of the opposite sex without losing his dignity. This was the result. Look at the expressions of the princesses from each country who visited with their parents and brothers. They completely lose their souls to Lord. 

After that, Lord took the time to introduce himself. He exchanged questions and answers with the distinguished guests, carefully choosing words so he wouldn't damage the reputation of his parents and the Overgeared Kingdom. 

Lord smiled at the ladies from all over who had bewitched expressions on their faces. Then he pulled out his sword and spoke to the distinguished guests, “I can't take away the time of such precious people for so long. I'm shy, but I'll do a few small tricks.” 

As mentioned earlier, the coming of age ceremony was a place to exhibit talent. The talent of the prince who would lead the Overgeared Kingdom in the future. Depending on what Lord displayed here, the distinguished guests would consider their future direction. How deep to establish their relationship with the Overgeared Kingdom, how much time they should set for it, etc. 

The moment the distinguished dukes concentrated, Lord's sword went up in half moon and then came down in a diagonal slash. He did two cuts in one motion. It was quick and neat with no flaws. 

“Hmm...” 

The distinguished guests showed a lukewarm reaction. Some shook their heads, some touched their chins, and some slowly clapped. Their expressions were mostly the same. For the first time since Lord's appearance, they were expressionless. 

The swordsmanship Lord exhibited was mediocre. No, calling it mediocre was very rude. It was right to evaluate it as excellent. However, their expectation was too high that it became normal. 

'Why is it ordinary swordsmanship instead of a sword dance?' 

That's right. The distinguished guests expected Lord to show Grid's sword dances. Then what was this swordsmanship? Doubts started to arise. 

'Does he not have the talent to learn his father's sword dances?'

'It is rare for children to be better than their parents.' 

There were still many promising observations. 

'He is still young and it is too early to assess his swordsmanship talent. The difficulty of the sword dances can be considered as extremely high.' 

'No, it is too much to discuss talent just by looking at a single sword technique. It is usually customary to set up a stage in the form of a duel... this isn't the end, right?' 

'The Overgeared King's value doesn't lie in just his combat strength, but also in his blacksmithing techniques. It doesn't matter if his swordsmanship talent is ordinary if he is born with the blacksmithing talent.' 

It happened as people were in turmoil... 

“......!” A blond woman sprang up from her seat. Her seat was right behind the emperor. Her rank was much higher than the royal families of a number of kingdoms. It was natural. Her identity was one of the duke of the empire, the Spear Saint Rachel. 

“......?” 

“......?” 

The atmosphere became unusual when Rachel rose from her seat and faced Lord while trembling. People wanted to see what was going to happen. There was a short moment of silence. 

“Prince Lord, is that Kraugel's swordsmanship?” Rachel asked him straight away. 

The wavelength created was huge. Kraugel—it was the name of the present day Sword Saint. Kraugel's name was always mentioned when discussing the 10 strongest people on the West Continent. People knew that after many years, Kraugel would be mentioned when discussing the five strongest people. After a long time, he would be mentioned when discussing the strongest person. The potential of all Sword Saints in history was that great. 

Yet Lord used the Sword Saint's swordsmanship? People looked at Lord like they had seen a ghost. It was hard to believe that Lord had Grid, Sticks, and Piaro as teachers. Now there was also Kraugel among the teachers... 

At this point, they were using the wrong premise to discuss Lord's talent. 

'Sir Sticks and Sir Piaro are Grid's subordinates, but Kraugel is different.'

'The fact that the Sword Saint, who isn't affiliated with any forces and drifts like the wind, has taken Prince Lord as a student means that Prince Lord is a great talent...' 

The distinguished guests gulped and reassessed Lord's swordsmanship. It changed from mediocre to the best. At least in the field of swordsmanship, the Sword Saint's influence was the greatest. 

Lord explained with an embarrassed smile, “Yes, I'm lucky enough to learn the sword from Teacher Kraugel. Teacher Kraugel took care of me more than necessary due to being my father's close friend.” 

“......!” 

“......!”

Only acquaintances knew about the relationship between Grid and Kraugel. Some of the distinguished guests were shocked when they found that the wandering Sword Saint Kraugel was Grid's friend. 

'King Grid and the Sword Saint joining together to destroy the great demons wasn't a temporary alliance...' 

'...It turns out they've been companions for a long time.' 

According to the literature, Sword Saint Muller had been afraid of his own too strong power. He always lived alone, fearing that he would destroy the balance of the continent if he belonged somewhere. However, this didn't seem to be the case for the present day Sword Saint. He had a deep exchange with the Overgeared Kingdom. The distinguished guests thought that perhaps the Overgeared Kingdom would become the second Saharan. 

In the uncomfortable silence, Lord showed off another talent. It was the manifestation of divine power. It wasn't the pure white divine power that symbolized the Rebecca Church. It was divine power that swayed like blue flames. It resembled the divine power of the Overgeared God Church members which had been increasing rapidly in recent times. However, this one was several times larger. 

“Ahh...” The anxiety and disbelief in the hearts of some of the distinguished guests who were wary of the Overgeared Kingdom started to melt like snow. Many people still hadn't admitted that Grid was a god. In any case, Grid had become a god and Lord was the child of a god. In the first place, he was an objection that shouldn't be evaluated by humans. The coming of age ceremony had to be different from all the previous ones so far. Everyone realized it. 

“Hmm, this is Grid's child.” Without any warning, the door of the great hall opened and a woman appeared. Fallen soldiers could be seen through the wide open doors. It was obviously a guest who wasn't invited by anyone. The surprised guests were frightened while the knights of the Overgeared Kingdom escorting or guarding them drew their swords or spears immediately. Their actions were meaningless. 

[You have encountered Vampire Duke Marie Rose.] 

[Marie Rose's evil influence makes your magic power turbid. All types of spells and skills aren't available.] 

[A vampire's gaze will subdue lower species. You will lose your willpower and control over your body.] 

[Marie Rose's attraction is absolute. Her charm is so high there is even high odds of both genders being attracted.] 

The uninvited guest was a woman so beautiful it was unrealistic. Her very existence made everyone submit to her. 

“Marie Rose...!” 

Grid rose from where he had been happily watching his son, Lord, showing off his skills. What was going on? How should he respond? Grid's brain froze from the sudden event and it was impossible for him to make any judgments. Only his body moved. He rose from the throne and approached Marie Rose in a stately manner. 

Gulp. 

The stiffened guests and knights gulped. They were aware of the true identity of Marie Rose, who was sealed by the second pope hundreds of years ago, and couldn't imagine the terrible things that would happen in the future. Fortunately, Grid was a wise man. 

“W-Welcome, Marie Rose. Why did such a noble person come to this humble place...?” He seemed like he was going to lower his head to the ground. As Grid smiled politely and bowed deeply to Marie Rose, her evil influence lifted like it was a lie and people could breathe. 

After receiving Jude's guidance, Prince Shining arrived late at the scene and tilted his head without knowing the situation.