There was a big uproar in the middle, but Lord's coming of age ceremony ended safely with the blessings of the people. 

Lord, who had several teachers, boasted more talent than the distinguished guests had expected. Meanwhile, Grid proudly faced Marie Rose and impressed the distinguished guests. Thus, the evaluation of the Overgeared Kingdom soared to the sky. 

Of course, everyone knew from the beginning that the Overgeared Kingdom was the second most powerful nation after the empire. It was just that no one could guess how much longer the power of the Overgeared Kingdom would continue in the future and in which direction it would be headed. 

The Overgeared Kingdom was established and led by Overgeared King Grid. Who would dare to bet that after he retired, the Overgeared Kingdom would prosper like it was now or use tyranny? 

Now the distinguished guests realized something. It was the fact that Grid's son was a talent that was second to, no, perhaps comparable to Grid, and that he was an upright and good person. In the first place, Grid was a god. He was born as a human and had the body of a human, but he was an object of faith that transcended his existence due to the desires of humans. How could he and his son not be upright? Looking at the rumors drifting around recently about Goddess Rebecca, it was impossible to trust blindly just because they were gods, but... people wanted to believe in Grid and the Overgeared Kingdom. 

“The gifts are stacked up like mountains.” 

The afternoon after the coming of age ceremony...

The last banquet ended and the guests had finally left the castle. Lauel faced the mountain of treasures they had left behind and laughed. He had been tired every day and it had been a long time since he showed such a bright expression. 

“The reason they are trying to establish a friendship with the Overgeared Kingdom is because they are fascinated by the greatness of the king or do they want to rely on the almighty power of a god?” 

The procession of the departing guests filled Lauel's blue eyes as he looked out the window and talked to himself. He seemed to be in good condition since he spoke such cheesy comments for the first time in ages. 

“None of the distinguished guests who visited this time caused problems, right?” Grid urgently led the conversation. He didn't want to give Lauel time to monologue. 

Lauel nodded. “Yes, I only invited those whose origin and ideologies were verified. They are all great people who fight for the peace of the continent and the dignity of humanity. They don't cause incidents due to personal greed, so there is nothing wrong with forming a friendship with them.” 

“Yes, you picked them well.” Grid nodded and pulled out a few letters. They were letters privately handed to him before the kings of each kingdom left. The thing they had in common was that they all had daughters. Grid opened the letters with a heart that thought 'no way,' only to laugh. “Lord is really good.” 

I want to discuss marriage between Prince Lord and my daughter... 

The contents of the 11 letters were similar. In particular, the attitudes of the principalities that weren't kingdoms were positive. They seemed willing to use marriage to attach themselves to the Overgeared Kingdom. Lauel's face was brighter as they read the letters together side by side. 

“I particularly covet the Hemilton Principality. It is a place founded by Saharan's third son. It is a line of descent from the imperial family and the origins are good. If Prince Lord married a Hemilton woman and has children, we can handle them properly even if they don't inherit his talent.” Lauel excitedly explained.  

He was discussing the marriage between the prince and a well-known family. It was natural to be happy. On the contrary, Grid's response was cold, “It's fine, I don't mean to intervene in Lord's relationships or marriage.” 

“But...” 

“It's too much for a child who just had his coming of age ceremony. I don't want to use Lord's marriage for politics. I don't intend to be a shameless person who sells my son for the benefit of myself and the kingdom.” 

“No, that...” 

“Lauel, don't be greedy. Thanks to your efforts, the Overgeared Kingdom has already flourished enough. Is it necessary to sacrifice Lord's happiness?” 

“It isn't like that...” 

Grid stopped talking and Lauel pointed out the window. Once Grid approached the window and saw the view outside, he finally shut his mouth. He could see Lord with hundreds of beauties who were the Rebecca's Daughters candidates. He was lying down and using the knees of a blonde beauty as a pillow while hugging a brunette beauty's waist and kissed her cheek. 

Lauel directly told Grid, “...If you leave it like this, it will be a serious problem.” 

“......”

Lord hadn't changed. He cared for the girls who lost their place since they were young. People used to watch the appearance of such a Lord happily. Now Lord was too old. This scene became strange because he was more mature than his peers and looked like a young man. Like the protagonist of a martial arts or fantasy novel, he looked like a horny man who made a harem. 

It was as expected. The expressions of the people passing by weren't good as they saw Lord being surrounded by beauties. 

“Prince Lord's heart might still be pure, but the Rebecca's Daughters candidates are different. Their hearts grew as they aged. If you don't separate them from now on, you really will have hundreds of grandchildren.” 

“......”

In the royal family, the tragedy of killing one's siblings was common. The more children a king had, the more the tragedy intensified. Grid was troubled for a long time before stating with a frown, “It is time for Lord to go on an adventure.” Lord's growth restrictions were lifted yesterday with the end of the coming of age ceremony. Despite being named, his various stats and levels were blocked by the restriction. Now they could be raised without any limits. 

“Tiramet, Cray.” 

“I have responded to Your Majesty's call.” 

“Why are you calling me?” 

Tiramet and Cray—they were the direct descendant vampires who swore allegiance to Blood King Grid and had their souls liberated. As children born from Beriache, they might be inferior to Marie Rose and Braham, but from a general point of view, they were a disaster at the level of a named boss. 

“For the time being, follow by Lord's side and take care of him.” 

“Yes.” 

“Yes.” 

There were many excellent hunting spots and attractions within the Overgeared Kingdom. Lord's first adventure would be using the Overgeared Kingdom as the stage, not a distant foreign kingdom. However, not all areas were safe just because they were in the Overgeared Kingdom. In particular, Lord still had a low level. His identity meant it wouldn't be strange if he was targeted by a specific force. 

'Still, there is less danger in low level zones, so it is enough to have Tiramet and Cray as an escort.' 

The low level hunting grounds were easy to manage and security was good. There were soldiers and knights from the Overgeared Kingdom everywhere. This meant it was unlikely that anyone would be aiming for Lord. 

'Once Lord's level rises and he aims for the high level hunting ground, I can increase the escorts at that time.' 

Elfin Stone, Noll, Yetima, etc.—there were many direct descendant vampires to use as escorts. In the worst case scenario, he could rely on the title 'First Father.' First Father recognized when the child's health fell below 30% and the Father's Instinctive Love skill will be activated. At that time, he would come running to save Lord. 

Grid was thinking this when he came to his senses. It was because Lauel's eyes were fixed on him. 

“Why are you looking at me like that?” 

“It is absurd. If you are so worried, then you might as well bring Prince Lord with you.” 

“No, this doesn't suit the purpose of letting him go on an adventure.” 

Grid wanted Lord to go on an adventurer because he wanted Lord to build up experience, learn and create new relationships, while fostering independence. He hoped Lord would do his part alone, while also getting out of the skirts of the Rebecca's Daughter candidates. He wondered if anything would change if Lord just followed him. 

“If that is really your purpose, you have to trust him and let him go alone.” 

“...I can't give him escorts?” 

“I am in favor of an escort, but it is recommended that you attach the Overgeared Shadows so that Prince Lord doesn't notice it.”  

“Certainly...” It was questionable if the independence of Lord could be increased by sending an open escort. The presence of an escort could instead make Lord relax. “Fine then. Please send as many outstanding ones as possible.” 

“Yes. If we want to deceive Prince Lord's senses, then we have to put one of the best talents on him.” 

“Hmm... Come to think of it, Faker is doing well.” 

Before logging into Satisfy and attending the coming of age ceremony, Grid also watched the National Competition. He cheered for Damian's hard work and watched the emergence of the Shadow Demon King. This year's demon king who used the shadows of everything as weapons and soldiers brought a great shock to the people. The sight of the shadow army, that rose again and again no matter how many times they were knocked down, and how they killed players, was overwhelming. 

Lauel smiled. “There is no need to worry about Faker, right?” 

“Indeed...” 

Faker had been protecting the members of the Overgeared Guild. If Grid was the sun, then Faker was the moon. After becoming Lantier and increasing his strength, the scene of his defeat in this National Competition was never seen. 

After participating in the National Competition, show a cool appearance and come back. 

Grid sent Faker support in his heart and brought up the active quest window. 

[The Secret Story of the Birth of the Blood King] 

[Difficulty: ??? 

The progenitor Beriache had to overcome all types of trials alone. After being driven out of hell and wandering around the human world alone, she realized how painful solitude was. 

This was why she gave her children genders. 

Beriache didn't want her children to be lonely. She hoped they would meet a life partner and overcome their cursed fate together. 

This was why she couldn't forgive Braham who harmed Elfin Stone's fiancee, and the reason the arrangement of the Blood King exists. 

The Blood King—you are the Blood King that Pope Chreshler failed to become and that Sword Saint Muller rejected. You have a duty to appease Marie Rose's solitude. 

Quest Clear Conditions: Achieve 10 points of affinity with Marie Rose. 

Quest Clear Rewards: The information 'Secret Story of the Birth of the Blood King' can be viewed.] 

It was a quest that automatically occurred when Marie Rose mentioned her spouse and his seed. It was also the quest that gave Grid the courage to promise he would visit her. 

'I have to go and see her.' 

Information was power. New information often brought up hidden functions. Additionally, Marie Rose was a possible ally. Grid had determined that it was better to clear this quest as soon as possible. 

'There is nothing good about delaying and making Marie Rose come to me first again.'

He had a hunch that the situation at that time wouldn't be good. Marie Rose was someone whose affinity didn't rise even when she talked about marriage. He couldn't read her heart, so he needed to pay more attention. 

'Before that.' 

Just then, a deafening noise was heard in the distance. Grid looked over and saw a corner of a mountain collapsing. The spear of light that was stuck in the mountain scattered and disappeared. 

'Let's start with Braham.'

Braham destroyed a mountain every time he forged Greed with the legendary great magic, Disintegrate. Grid wanted to encourage Braham, who had been doing the same thing repeatedly for several weeks to help the creation of new minerals, and to comfort him, who was upset by the meeting with Marie Rose. 

“I will go to Braham. Ah, I will also send the golden walnuts as gifts to the guests who attended this coming of age ceremony.” 

At present, the golden walnuts being grown on Cokro Island were half a success. It had a similar elixir effect to the golden walnuts grown on the East Continent, but there were limitations on the effect. It was only effective two times per person. Of course, this alone was a great effect. It was the best gift. 

“Isn't this too much as a gift?” I'd rather spread it among the knights of the Overgeared Guild...” 

“Piaro wants more land to grow them. I plan to let as many kingdoms know about the golden walnut as possible to cooperate and rent land with a climate similar to Cokro Island.” 

“To grow the perfect golden walnut, he needs to experiment under more conditions. Yes, I understand.” Lauel was sufficiently convinced and nodded. 

Then Grid went to Braham. Once he came back, he planned to call Lord to tell him to go on an adventure.