Talent, skills, appearance, wealth, and background. Yura was born with everything. Nothing was lacking. That’s why people thought she lived without ever experiencing a single trial. But that was a misconception.

They didn’t know all the trails she went through and the effort she made. In fact, Yura had suffered numerous trials and had many frustrating experiences. She tried to withstand the trials and failed. But she was able to mature because she didn’t give in to her frustration.

It was a process that took place in both reality and Satisfy. It was how she could become 5th ranked and a star that people were envious of.

‘I can learn from today’s failure and grow even more.’

There was a flash and weapons aimed at her organs. She closed her eyes and accepted death. Then…

Chaeeeeeng!

Something flew from the sky.

‘This..’

Yura opened her eyes and saw seven beautiful blades. Then a familiar voice was heard.

“The villain has appeared.”

A powerful and confident voice. That voice was weak just a few months ago. Would anyone believe her if she said that?

Kwa kwa kwa kwang!

The black-haired man wielded his greatsword and proudly showed off his overwhelming strength. The person was Grid! It was the moment when the person who once made Yura very frustrated appeared.

‘You came. You decided to accept my compulsion.’

Due to her innate talent, she lived a life of solitude. She didn’t have the experience of relying on someone. Ever since her parents died, she was completely isolated. She had a heart of steel because she had to face the world alone.

But at this moment. Yura’s solid heart melted like snow before sunlight.

“…Thank you.”

Yura smiled as she blushed for the first time. Her smile was more brilliant than ever.

 

***

Tira Island.

The world’s attention was focused on the small island that was the stage for the target processing match.

‘A brilliant debut.’

It was the honest impression of Turkey’s representative, Bubat. The young man called Grid appeared and saved Yura just before her death, blowing the rankers away. Then he used the unidentified golden blades to destroy the targets.

The appearance was dramatic enough to seem like the main character of a movie. Right now, the outside world would be in an uproar. It was obvious that the ID Grid would occupy the number one spot on the Internet real time searches of each country.

There was a common question that everyone in the world had.

“Who are you?” Bubat asked on behalf of the world. 

Grid replied sarcastically, “Isn’t it obvious after I saved Yura? South Korea’s representative.”

Bubat frowned at the words.

‘He doesn’t feel any tension despite being surrounded by renowned rankers. He is an arrogant person.’

Grid was certainly a private ranker.

‘A person who hides behind a curtain and doesn’t know the enormity of the world, he believes he is the best frog in the well… I have met many people like you.’

The private rankers all had one thing in common. It was that they didn’t know the reality of the world. They mocked the rankers who competed on stage with courage and honor, not realizing it was just an illusion. Bubat had experience humbling such people.

‘You should always be vigilant.’

Sneak sneak.

Bubat fixed his gaze on Grid and moved a few steps with skillful footwork. He narrowed the distance to 3m and used a skill.

“Bull Headbutt!”

Bull Headbutt was the Crusher’s unique skill and had a higher concept than Blink magic. He leapt through space itself, so he could approach the target no matter what obstacles were in his way.

Kung!

Bubat emerged in front of Grid and used a skill at the same time. He bent his waist. Then his hard forehead hit Grid. Yura countered Bubat using precise timing, but Grid didn’t have the same control as Yura. He allowed the attack.

 

[You have dealt 1,730 damage to the target.]

[ The target will become rigid for 0.3 seconds.]

[The target has resisted.]

 

‘Resisted?’

Bubat was confused but linked his CC skills out of habit.

“Star Wish!”

Kwang!

Bubat’s one-handed hammer hit Grid’s temple. There was the special effect of stars floating above Grid’s head.

 

[You have dealt 2,280 damage to the target.]

[The target will be stunned for 2.5 seconds.]

 

He did it properly. This was the power of a Crusher, who could neutralize the enemy.

“Well done Bubat!”

The 10 remaining representatives moved in unison. They were intent on killing Grid.

‘It doesn’t matter who you are!’

‘I’ll make your face distort with pain!’

They would force Grid to exit, making his spectacular emergence be in vain. He would go back to hiding behind his curtain as usual, like all private rankers. The rankers ridiculed Grid and prepared to attack him.

“Danger!”

Bubat hurriedly exclaimed. It was due to the incredible notification window that appeared in front of him.

 

[The target has resisted.]

 

He saw many people who could reduce the duration of CCs using stats, skills or item effects. Therefore, he didn’t think much of it when he saw that Grid resisted Bull Headbutt’s 0.3 second rigid state. But to be perfectly resistant to a 2.5 second CC?

‘Is he immune to CC?’

If so, it was a total scam. A chill went down Bubat’s spine. However, the other rankers were confident. They couldn’t imagine that Grid was immune to CC and ignored Bubat’s warnings, swinging their weapons as hard as possible.

Pahat!

Syuok!

The onslaught revealed their weakness, because they didn’t expect a counterattack.

Pisik.

Grid laughed and moved lightly.

Sukakak!

First of all, he would leave Bubat for later.

“What…?”

Grid evaded the attacks and advanced while counterattacking.

Seokeok! 

Puok!

“Keook!”

“Ugh!”

It was undeniable that Grid’s control skills were lacking compared to a ranker. However, he had experience raiding powerful bosses and he had grown slightly beyond the category of ordinary people. It meant he couldn’t fail to counterattack against the enemies who weren’t vigilant and exposed their weak points.

“What is this… Ugh!”

Grid, who shouldn’t be able to move, had neatly avoided their attacks and counterattacked. Thus, the rankers were caught off guard and wounded. They hurriedly took a health potion while shock filled their eyes.

 

[You have suffered 6,230 damage.]

[You have suffered 6,100 damage.]

[You have suffered 6,450 damage.]

 

Putting aside his immunity to CC, his flat damage was this much?

“What is this guy…?”

If a ranker received damage from a damage dealer with a level in the mid-200s, they would suffer around 3,000 damage. Yet this was more than 6,000 damage? In addition, this was the damage without using a skill?

“You..! What is your identity?”

Grid was different from the usual private rankers that they met. He was a monster like Yura. The South Korean team was hiding another bigshot like Yura? The rankers became tense. At this moment, someone saw the golden blades destroying the targets by themselves and belatedly recalled something.

“That reminds me, those golden blades… Don’t they look like the golden discs used by Pagma’s Descendant at the Bairan battle?”

“…Heok?”

“It can’t be…”

The rankers frowned. At the same time, the commentators were making the same guess.

『 The seven golden blades are moving by themselves! The actions, material and color are similar to the golden discs used by Pagma’s Descendant! 』

『 We should pay attention to that black greatsword! That greatsword has an orange color around it like the sunset, so I failed to recognize it at first. But look closely! It is the greatsword that Pagma’s Descendant threw to Toon in the Bairan Battle! 』

“Come to think of it…”

“Then perhaps…?”

“That man called Grid…”

Was he Pagma’s Descendant? The millions of viewers around the world, including the rankers and audience members all wondered the same thing. On the other hand, Grid was frowning.

‘They only lost one-fifth of their health, despite being hit by Dainsleif? They are truly top rankers.’

 

[+8 Dainsleif (Reproduction)]

Rating: Unique

Durability: 500/500   Attack Power: 703~991   Attack Speed: -8% (-2)%

* Additional damage equal to 10% of the target’s current defense will be dealt.

* The greater the number of enemies, the greater the damage.

(Additional 15 (+3) damage per enemy)

* The skill ‘Golden Flash’ will be generated.

The weapon was strengthened to +8. 

Compared to the +0 weapon, the base attack power increased by 56% and the option effects increased by 20%.

 

Currently, Dainsleif perceived 11 people as enemies. This meant that the +8 Dainsleif had an attack power of 901~1, (damage proportional to the opponent’s defense). This alone was enough for it to be a great weapon, so Grid had judged that it wasn’t necessary to bring out Failure.

‘I really can’t ignore the rankers.’

Grid opened his inventory. Then he put Dainsleif away and pulled out Failure.

 

[+9 Failure] 

Rating: Legendary

Durability: 1,090/1,090 

Attack Power: 1,768~3,682   Defense: 80 (+24)

* Agility +50 (+15)

* There is a low probability of blocking the enemy’s attacks.

* There is a certain probability of activating the ‘5 Joint Attacks’ skill.

* There is a high probability of activating the ‘Cutting’ skill.

* The skill ‘Bisect’ will be generated.

* There will be a fear effect if the enemy is more than 20 (-6) levels lower than the user.

* Attack power +20% (+6) in dark places.

 

A +9 item was on a different dimension from a +8 item.  Compared to the +0 weapon, the base attack power increased by 70% and the option effects increased by 30%. In addition, Failure was a weapon that was fundamentally more powerful than Dainsleif. The absolute majesty of the +9 Failure couldn’t be compared with the +8 Dainsleif.

‘In the first place, I am participating in the National Competition…’

Grid himself was well aware that it was impossible to conceal his identity anymore. So what if he let the world know?

‘I will have a glamorous debut.’

He was reluctant to be a celebrity because it was annoying in many ways. But on the contrary, if he could endure it, then he would be able to obtain a lot of benefits. He would become more popular with women. Or he would become more popular with women. 

‘I will become more popular with women!’

After the incident with Ahyoung, he had a distrust of women and couldn’t think of dating immediately. However, he wasn’t celibate. Who knew what would happen? He might meet his fate if he got many female fans.

“Huhuhu…!”

He smiled. But from the enemy’s point of view, Grid’s smile was very wicked. “Pagma’s Swordsmanship…!”

“P-Pagma…!”

“It’s real!”

The rankers started frantically thinking. The legendary class, Pagma’s Descendant. The person who made the whole world shake was a Korean? And what was that white light around the greatsword?

‘+9 sword…!’

“Transcended Link.”

Kwa kwa kwa kwang!

It was the first appearance of Pagma’s Descendant after the Bairan battle. This was much more powerful compared to the bombardment he fired at Neberius during the Bairan battle.

 

[You have suffered 18,050 damage.]

[You have suffered 19,900 damage.]

[You have suffered 18,410 damage.]

 

“Kuaaaaak!”

The rankers were hurt due to the battle with Yura, and their health wasn’t full despite taking potions. They couldn’t cope with the blue and white bombardment and started to turn into a grey light.

Some people who calmly deployed their defense skills survived, but there was only a handful of them. There were only four people left. Except for them, seven rankers were logged out with one skill.

‘A wide area skill has this much damage?’

‘Why didn’t he get affected by the CC?’

The four survivors were confused by the aftermath of the absurd attack. On the other hand, Grid didn’t stay still.

“Quick Movements!”

He pulled out the Ideal Dagger and used its skills, then he chased after the survivors. Then he swapped again to the +9 Failure and used Blacksmith’s Rage, raising his attack power and attack speed. A large storm raged from the greatsword.

Jjejeong! Jjang! Jjejejeok!

 

[The durability of Zilron’s Sword has decreased by 32.]

[The durability of Ragel’s Shield has decreased by 19.]

[The durability of the Tuhon Armor has decreased by 9.]

 

Puk! Peok! Sakak!

 

[You have suffered 9,820 damage.]

[You have suffered 12,030 damage.]

[You have suffered 10,550 damage.]

 

“Ugh! What is this…?”

“Every time I defend, my item durability…!”

“Dammit! Isn’t this crazy? Kuhak!”

Was this really a player’s attack power? It was comparable to a boss monster. Yura was strong in magic, but they couldn’t endure this bastard’s strength. Then what about the attack speed? It was unbelievably fast for a greatsword.

Seokeok!

“Kuaaaaak!” 

It was impossible for only four people to cope with Grid. Somehow they counterattacked, but their damage wasn’t as high as Grid’s. His defense was at the level of a tanker and they couldn’t deal any fatal damage.

“You!”

Bubat had persistent health and continued to use CC, blocking Grid’s path several times. But Grid was immune to CC, making it useless. A Crusher’s worst counter was Pagma’s Descendant.

‘How absurd…!’

A legendary class was different. It didn’t matter about the lack of control. He was just strong. Furthermore, the items he was armed with were too good.

“This is a fraudulent character… Cough!”

“Kuak!”

In the end, the four survivors, including Bubat, died and were logged out.

“This place is all cleaned up.”

Grid defeated 11 rankers that represented their country. He recovered his health by drinking potions and extended his sight to the entire island.

“…”

On one side, Regas and Med were having a confrontation. Natasha left Regas alone and was absorbed in aiming at the targets. Jishuka and Samuel who represented Brazil were in the forest. The US, French, Chinese and Japanese representatives were busy keeping each other in check.

All those who met Grid’s eyes shrank back. Jishuka and Regas weren’t an exception. Right now, they were Grid’s enemies. They all stayed silent and couldn’t act carelessly, causing Grid to shrug.

“Well, there is no need to fight.”

Pepeng! Peng!

In the sky above. Even at this moment, the seven golden blades were moving on their own to destroy the targets. South Korea’s points were now at 110. On the other hand, the average score of the other teams was only 70 points.

This status quo just needed to be maintained, and it was clear that South Korea would win.

『 … 』

The commentators were overwhelmed at the majesty of the legendary class and couldn’t say anything.

“…”

The hundreds of thousands of spectators were silent with astonishment. The Olympic main stadium was as calm as dead rats.

“…”

Even the millions of people watching via TV or the Internet had lost their souls. Had there ever been such a quiet day since the human race started breeding on Earth? Many people were feeling doubt.

“Indeed, you truly are Pagma’s Descendant.”

Yura smiled. She was still beautiful despite being wounded. She couldn’t raise her slender body, so Grid approached her.

“Don’t exaggerate and stand up. Isn’t it funny that a woman like you has fallen down?”

“Please help me.” Yura asked and held out a hand.

“Che.”

Grid clicked his tongue and grabbed her hand. It was clearly caught on camera. Then…

“W… Waaahhhhhhhh!”

“Grid! Grid! Grid!”

“Yura! Yura! Yura!”

The Korean audience members started to cheer on the two people. South Korea, a country ignored for being weak in Satisfy. This man and woman were about to end that long disgrace.

On this day. A true legend began.