After restoring the proper amount of stamina. Grid barely managed to sit up on a flat piece of rock. He noticed the eyes of the Overgeared members looking at him.

‘The atmosphere has changed.’

Was it because he overcame this big trial by surpassing his limit several times over? Grid felt like he had achieved excellent personal growth. Grid shared the item information with the Overgeared members.

 

[Guardian’s Necklace]

Rating: Unique (Set)

Durability: 23/23     Defense: 35

* Indomitable +30

* When the set is worn: Defense +100

* When the set is worn: Indomitable +50

A necklace manifested by the Doppelganger of the Mysterious Forest.

It gives the wearer a strong willpower and defense.

User Restriction: Level 300 or higher.

Weight: 15

 

[Guardian’s Bracelet]

Rating: Unique (Set)

Durability: 21/21     Defense: 37

* Indomitable +30

* When the set is worn: Defense +100

* When the set is worn: Indomitable +50

A bracelet manifested by the Doppelganger of the Mysterious Forest.

It gives the wearer a strong willpower and defense.

User Restriction: Level 300 or higher.

Weight: 11

 

“Oh, it’ a magic accessory?”

“Yes. Defense is attached to an accessory?”

Most accessories didn’t have much defense. For example, while Doran’s Ring could exert tremendous healing ability equivalent to a legendary rating, it didn’t give even one point of defense. On the other hand, the Guardian’s Necklace and Bracelet both had extremely high defense.

‘With the set effect, they increase defense by 172 points…’

It was comparable to a level 300 heavy gauntlets or heavy boots of the normal rating. It was amazing that these two accessories gave such high defense. However, the members weren’t happy.

“Just high defense? They don’t have any options.”

“Yes. An accessory should at least have some attribute resistance.”

“I need accessories that decrease cooldown time.”

“It raises the indomitable stat, but the stat itself isn’t all that great.”

 

[Indomitable]

Has a certain probability of invalidating a portion of the incoming damage. The lower the health, the higher the probability.

* The higher the number, the higher the effect.

* Stat points can’t be distributed to this stat. 

 

According to the stated description, Indomitable was a very useful special stat. In particular, it was an essential stat for tankers. However, because the probability of the stat’s effect being activated was extremely low, people treated ‘indomitable’ as a trash stat.

Grid was more familiar with this than anyone else.

‘The indomitable stat really is trash.’

Grid currently had close to 900 points in Indomitable. Despite this fact, he never experienced the indomitable effect. These were the only accessories that a strong boss monster dropped? The Overgeared members were disappointed.

But Grid was different.

“If you guys don’t mind, I would like to use these accessories.”

After he became Pagma’s Descendant.  Grid had been self-sufficient regarding items through production and raids. However, accessories weren’t an area that blacksmiths could produce and because boss monsters didn’t often drop them, Grid didn’t have any.

‘I couldn’t find someone who could handle the purple orichalcum…’

From Grid’s perspective, he was grateful even for the Guardian accessory set. The Overgeared members unconditionally agreed to Grid’s request.

“Grid, you should do what you want.”

“You are the first place in this raid. It is natural for you to have what you want.”

“Thank you.”

Grid expressed his gratitude and shared the information of the greatsword. 

 

[Doppelganger’s Greatsword]

Rating: Legendary

Durability: 731/731  Attack Power: 780~1,516

Attack Speed: -6% 

* Ignores 20% of the enemy’s defense.

* Increases the power of attack skills by 20%.

A greatsword that the Doppelganger of the Mysterious Forest copied.

It imitated the work of the legendary blacksmith Pagma, but the resemblance is only in the appearance. The power isn’t comparable to Pagma’s works.

User Restriction: Level 320 or higher. More than 2,010 strength. Advanced Sword Mastery level 2 or higher. 

Weight: 3,955

 

“Wow…!”

“It is terrific!”

It was overwhelming performance. The Overgeared members let out sounds of admiration. Grid was also impressed.

‘It is at this level, despite not being comparable to Pagma’s work?’

The damage was slightly less than the unique rated Failure, but the options of the greatsword showed other advantages. In particular, the 20% increase in attack skills damage captivated Grid’s heart.

‘If I use this greatsword, Pagma’s Swordsmanship will be greatly strengthened…’

Of course, it wasn’t a weapon good enough to replace Failure. It meant it wasn’t suitable for Grid to use. The Overgeared members were also similar.

“It is a pity that it’s a greatsword.”

“It would’ve been nice if it was a one-handed weapon…”

No one used the greatsword as a weapon among the Overgeared members. Beast Master Toon could handle a greatsword, but his primary weapon was a wrist blade. Both Grid and the Overgeared members felt regret.

“Why don’t you try challenging the two sword style?” Lauel suggested.

“Two sword style? Dual swordsmanship?”

“Yes.”

Some swordsmen classes acquired a passive skill called the ‘Two Sword Style’, where they used two swords instead of a shield and boasted powerful attacks and dazzling attack orbits.

“He doesn’t have the skill called Two Sword Style… But it shouldn’t be a problem?”

As Pagma’s Descendant, Grid could handle all weapons regardless of whether he had the required weapon mastery skill. The Overgeared members knew this fact. However, Grid thought negatively.

“How can I do dual swordsmanship with a greatsword…”

The weight wasn’t a problem. Grid’s strength stat was unrivaled. Failure was light by default, but he could swing the relatively heavy Doppelganger’s Greatword with one hand. But there was a problem. Both Failure and the Doppelganger’s Greatsword had a length of 2m. It wouldn’t be easy to wield two weapons longer than his height at the same time.

Lauel persuaded Grid.

“Your control skills have increased by leaps and bounds during this raid. It is more than you can imagine yourself. I am confident that if you try hard and don’t give up, I am convinced that you can do it. Besides, don’t you have a great mentor?”

Lauel pointed towards Piaro and said,

“Toon uses two wrist blades and Piaro is the strongest swordsman. If you study with them, won’t you be able to master the Two Sword Style someday?”

“Umm…”

Certainly, it was a tempting suggestion. The Doppelganger’s Greatsword increased basic damage and skills damage. By taking advantage of the two weapons and using Pagma’s Swordsmanship, he would be able to achieve a much higher attack power.

‘I want to challenge it.’

His blood was boiling. But there was a problem. The Doppelganger’s Greatsword was an item obtained in a raid group with the Overgeared members. He couldn’t take all the items alone.

Grid hesitated.

“Do as Lauel says.”

“That’s right. It is a good idea. Grid, can’t you use any weapon without limit? You should take advantage of this advantage.”

“You will raise your defense with the accessories, so it’s ideal if you can increase your attack power.”

“Everyone…”

They were generously giving it to me. Were they doing him a favor? The Grid in the past would’ve giggled and accepted it without any conflicts. But now he was different. He had something called a conscience.

The Overgeared members encouraged him when he hesitated.

“In the first place, you are the only one who can use a greatsword. Should we sell it to others for money? Absolutely not. I don’t want a ranker getting their hands on a powerful weapon.”

“That’s right, should we raise a rival with our own hands?”

“In addition, we owe a lot to Grid.”

After he became the master of the Overgeared Guild. Grid produced the guild members’ items for free. He thought it was something he should do as the guild master. He was always thankful to the Overgeared members.

Now that favor was returning to him.

“Thank you…!”

The Doppelganger’s Greatsword was worth at least three million gold. Grid was thrilled by the Overgeared members’ actions.

 

***

“It is extremely difficult to adapt to using two swords in a short period of time. In particular, it is theoretically impossible to master dual wielding with greatswords.

“Do you mean I should give up?”

“No, that isn’t it. It is possible to overcome it with Pagma’s power. But it will take time. First of all, don’t fret. I will try to train you so that you can use dual swords with Pagma’s Swordsmanship.”

Grid and the Overgeared members passed through the Mysterious Forest and climbed the mountain. It was to search for the presence of a mine. While they were moving, Grid discussed how to dual wield with Piaro.

Huroi was walking ahead and he shouted.

“There is a small cabin on the slopes of the mountain.”

“A cabin?”

A person lived in a dangerous area where no one could enter because of the doppelganger? Grid and the Overgeared members were curious but didn’t forget their boundaries. They knocked on the door of the cabin.

“Is anyone here?”

“…”

There was no answer. There were also no sounds.

“Should we enter?”

Vantner wasn’t sure if there was a landlord present, but he opened the old door. Then the smell of mold tormented the group.

“This house has been neglected for at least a decade.”

Grid’s group started to search the house. However, there was nothing in the house except for a small bed and desk.

“Huh? What is this?”

Vantner discovered an old storage box. It was made of birch and locked like a treasure chest. What was inside? Vantner was curious and tried to break the box. But the system rejected it.

 

[Nothing happened.]

 

“This… It looks like we need a key to open the box?”

“Leave it to me.”

Grid came forward. He pulled out his ‘Master Key.’

Clink.

The rusty lock was opened with no resistance.

“This…?”

There was a small book in the storage box. Grid opened it.