“Go to hell! Johnson’s enemy!"

Buuuong.

The explosive sound of the surrounding enemies attacking me was enough to cause pain and sweat to flow down.

Kwang! Kwajajak!

These were attacks with the power to break a wall with one blow! I was able to avoid the attacks a few times due to the slow speed and simple trajectory, but I wondered how long I could maintain this concentration. Then the enemies started to use their heads.

"Attack at the same time."

“Ohhhhhh!”

Different weapons simultaneously struck out from every direction.

[You have received 150 damage.]

[You have received 163 damage.]

"Urghh…"

My health gauge reached the bottom with just two hits and had only 23 health left. 

‘Crazy. They weren't even critical hits.'

I pulled out a potion from my inventory and drank it. It was an intermediate health potion that restored 1,500 health at once.

'My health is considerably less than 1,500, but an intermediate potion is the lowest grade potion I have. It would've been nice if I had an inferior potion…'

The potion reuse time was 20 seconds, so I had to defend myself from attacks for at least 20 seconds. But now the enemies had started systematically linking their strikes. It became harder.

“We have been fighting together for 10 years. No matter what you try, you will eventually go to hell!”

I moved to the side in order to avoid the big sword that would take off my head, then an attack aimed for my knees, as if they had predicted my movements. My battle senses, developed from my days as a warrior, let out a warning.

This was unavoidable!

"Kuk!"

I aimed the arrow downwards.

Kaaang!

The Special Jaffa Arrow accurately hit the mace in an attempt to shift the orbit. But an arrow was a very lightweight weapon. It was impossible for a light weapon to shift the orbit of the large mace that weighed several kilograms.

Kwajak!

“Kuaaaak!”

The mace hit half of my knee, dealing a critical blow.

[You have received 200 damage.]

[Your left leg is severely damaged. Movement speed has decreased by 40%. The ability to control your body has decreased.]

As I groaned on the floor, a strike of lightning could be heard above me. If I stayed still, my skull would be caved in.

“Hup!”

I endured the pain and rolled back. 

Kakakakak!

The floor where I had been lying just a few seconds ago was smashed to pieces. I stared at the enemies and made a decision.

'I will act luxuriously today.'

I steeled my heart, pulling out the intermediate strength potion and intermediate agility potion. The price for one was 10 gold.  10 gold was 12,000 won!

‘I'm sorry but it can't be helped.'

I closed my eyes and poured 20 gold, in other words, 24,000 won, down my throat.

Gulp gulp.

I shed tears as the buff potion was swallowed.

'Ahh! This potion is more expensive than the sweet and sour pork set!'

I prepared the buff potions for moments of crisis during Earl Ashur's quest, but I felt such regret that I never used them. Now they were being used to complete a B-grade quest, not a boss monster.

[You have taken the intermediate strength potion. Strength will increase by 50 for five minutes.]

[You have taken the intermediate agility potion. Agility will increase by 50 for five minutes.]

There was a flood of attacks from two directions as the notification windows popped up.

"Son of a bitch! Don't think that we can't touch you while you are eating!"

I was able to avoid the two attacks due to my sharp rise in agility, then I gripped the arrow and fought back. But two attacks came from different directions and I was forced to give up.

“Pant pant… r-really horrible."

I would've died if it wasn't for the intermediate agility potion. It felt like my heart would burst from the extreme tension, and the gangsters were filled with rage once their attacks were over.

"This rotten bastard! How long will you run away?"

“Where is your momentum from your first attack? What a shameful brat! Fight fair."

The four of them were ganging up on my lone self, yet they were complaining about fighting fairly?

"Hey, you fuckers have no conscience! Let's do it one against one."

“Won't we still win in a one-on-one fight?"

"Then bring it on!"

"Bullshit! Don't you know that being able to fight in groups is a virtue?"

Chwaruruk!

The flail stretched out like a whip.

Tatatang! Tang!

I hit it with the arrow and barely managed to spin my body. I felt a hot pain as a greatsword scratched my side.

[You have received 30 damage.]

Fortunately, I succeeded in avoiding it. Once the crisis passed, I tried to continue the conversation to buy time for my potion reuse time to end.

“Hey guys, let's talk about it honestly. Shouldn't you know by now that I'm not a pushover?"

"……"

The gangsters didn't want to admit it, but they didn't refute my words. I made a suggestion, "Hand over the contract and then no one will die anymore."

"What?"

The gangsters were furious.

“Don't play games! You think you can get out of here alive after killing Johnson? Don't worry about the contract. You must die here."

“What? Is it hard to come forward? Won't you regret it? You guys really can leave here alive if you hand over the contract."

"Hahat! Stop talking nonsense! A guy who broke his leg is spouting these words. From the very beginning, we could leave here alive! You are the only one who will die here." 

"Hrmm, will that really happen?"

During the conversation, the reuse time for my potions had reset. I turned away from the gangsters and sneakily drank the potion. At the same time, my health and the wound on my leg recovered. 

'Now.'

The gangsters thought I was still seriously injured. I used that to sneak attack one of them.

"N-No?"

They couldn't respond properly because they thought my leg was still injured. I pierced one person accurately with the arrow.

[Critical!]

[The effect of the Special Jaffa arrow is activated, meaning the enemy's defense is completely ignored.]

“Keeok…!"

[You have defeated Winston's outlaw, Neil.]

[Reputation in Winston Village has increased by 60.] 

[4,300 experience has been acquired.]

[Your level has risen.]

[Your level has risen.]

[Your level has risen.]

'Good!'

The gangster stabbed in the belly couldn't even scream properly as he turned into grey light. The eyes of the gangsters shook as they lost another companion.

"You… you bastard! How did your leg suddenly become better? D-Don't tell me you drank a potion?"

“… Didn't you see me drinking it?"

“You stupid bastard! You should fight with your own body!"

"Bullshit! Can you really say that? You are gangsters trying to bully an innocent citizen!"

"You…! Kill! Kill that brat as soon as possible! He is like a cockroach, so keep attacking until he is dead." 

“Isn't he just a druggie? I will crush him!"

The extremely angry Veil commanded his men. "The 'You will Die' formation!"

It was the worst naming sense. In any case, the villains received Veil's command and unleashed a barrage of attacks.

Kwa kwa kwa kwang!

Chukak. Bam!

The murder techniques that didn't consider defense ran rampant. Even if my arrow was aimed at their hearts, they didn't try to defend or avoid. They kept attacking and attacking.

"Kuk!"

Even if my arrow stabbed them, they didn't stop attacking. I instantly found myself on the defensive. 

[You have received 203 damage.]

[You have received 180 damage.]

Chwaruruk! Buuuong. Kwaang!

Like a snake persistently following me on a blocked path, the greatsword with a wide range of attack gave me a big crisis. Even if I avoided the mace, my balance would become off because the mace would break the ground or walls.

There were 13 seconds left on my potion reuse time and my health was at the bottom.

'This is my limit. I can't endure anymore.'

Unless the Legendary Blacksmith's Patience skill activated and my defense and health were strengthened, there was no way to overcome this crisis.

'The end…'

The moment I was about to give up on the quest… I suddenly had a thought.

'Why am I depending on potions and skills?'

Was I a warrior? No. I was Pagma's Descendant.

'Where am I right now?'

A smithy.

'I'm so stupid… Why didn't I think of this earlier?'

I noticed the various weapons and armor displayed all over the room. A number of things popped into my head.

"Khan!"

Khan, the elder blacksmith standing in the corner, responded instantly to my call.

“Speak."

I asked him, "Do you want to keep this smithy?"

“Of course! I already gave up, but changed my mind thanks to you. If you help me, I will be able to keep this place!"

I liked the cool answer.

"Hey, what are you doing now? Why are you chatting with that old man instead of fighting? Are you thinking of some trick?"

Kwa kwa kwang!

The gangsters didn't stop the offensive. I avoided the attack and threw my arrow at the largest of them.

Swaeek!

The quickly thrown Special Jaffa Arrow…

Whether he sensed the crisis or if he was confident, Praga changed his attitude and started defending.

[Critical!]

Chaaeng!

"Wah!"

A critical appeared the moment the arrow struck the mace, and its heavy power made Praga instantly back up. However, the other two gangsters didn't care and struck. I turned around and ran away from them.

“Kuhahahaha! Stupid person! You threw away your weapon."

The gangsters saw me running away unharmed and chased after me. Praga overcame the crisis of the flying arrow and sighed with relief. I never looked back at them. I ran forward with all my strength. Then I ran up the stairs and reached the second floor. 

There was a brilliantly shining full plate armor and a super large greatsword that was 3m in length.

I shouted toward Khan on the ground floor.

“Khan, lend me this equipment!"

"B-But…"

"I will give them back at the end of the fight! If you want to keep your smithy, give me permission!"

Taking away the items wouldn't the owner's consent would label me a criminal. I waited for Khan's permission, but he paused in a frustrating manner.

“Not just anyone can use that equipment! It is better to lend you the leather armor and blacksmith hammer over here. That is the ideal equipment for you."

“No, just lend this to me."

“B-but that battle gear…"

"Kihahaha! I've finally caught you. Die!"

Without realizing it, the enemies had neared me. Khan finally realized the urgency of the situation and nodded. "Y-Yes. If you can use it then feel free to!"

"Good. You should've said it sooner."

[Due to your class characteristics, you have equipped Dainsleif (Reproduction).]

[A penalty is applied because the item conditions aren't met.]

[Attack power of Dainsleif (Reproduction) will decrease by 20%. Only half of the option effects will be applied.]

[The penalties will be reduced if your understanding of Dainsleif (Reproduction) increases.]

[Due to your class characteristics, you have equipped Valhalla.]

[A penalty is applied because the item conditions aren't met.]

[Defense of Valhalla will decrease by 20%. Only half of the option effects will be applied.]

[The penalties will be reduced if your understanding of Valhalla increases.]