I felt like a mountain after equipping the gold armor. With the giant sword in my hand, I felt brave enough to even cut at a dragon.

The gangsters were swinging their weapons. There was no need for evasion.

Kwang! Kwajajak!

[The enemy's damage has been neutralized.]

The enemies' attacks had a good momentum, but they couldn't even deal a small scratch to my armor. My body didn't feel any slight fluctuations. Rather, the weapons of the gangsters were damaged.

"W-What?"

"What is this…?"

The gangsters lived in the lawless world so their warning instincts were unsurpassed. At this moment, the gangsters felt despair.

"T-This is ridiculous…!"

I grinned in a devilish manner at the confused gangsters. “Have you heard of the item effect?"

Drugs? Skill? I didn't need to rely on such things from the beginning. There were all types of battle gear piled up in the smithy, and as Pagma's Descendant, I could use all of it!

Clink!

I grabbed the handle of the greatsword with both hands and tightened my waist as much as possible before lifting it up with all of my strength. I didn't need to use any techniques. I used just the momentum of the greatsword to wreak havoc to anything in its path.

Seokeok!

There was a refreshing feeling in my chest as the sword cut through the enemies. With one strike, the bodies of the gangsters turned into grey light.

[You have defeated Winston's outlaw, Praga.]

[Reputation in Winston Village has increased by 60.]

[4,300 experience has been acquired.]

[You have defeated Winston's outlaw, Um.]

[Reputation in Winston Village has increased by 60.] 

[4,300 experience has been acquired.]

[You have defeated Winston's outlaw, Veil.]

[Reputation in Winston Village has increased by 100.] 

[6,600 experience has been acquired.]

[Your level has risen.]

[Your level has risen.]

[Your level has risen.]

[Your level has risen.]

[Your level has risen.]

[Your level has risen.]

[Your level has risen.]

[Your level has risen.]

[Your level has risen.]

[Your level has risen.]

[Quest success!]

[Affinity with Khan has risen to the maximum.]

The tremendous rewarding sentences that kept appearing. I didn't take the time to enjoy the pleasure.

“This weapon and armor…"

I immediately used the Legendary Blacksmith's Appraisal skill.

[The blacksmith who becomes a legend that appraises items with an excellent discerning eye. If a hidden feature exists in the target item, it will be found.]

[Dainsleif (Forgery)]

Rating: Unique

Durability: 500/500   Attack Power: 451~635   Attack Speed: -8%

* Additional damage equal to 10% of the target's current defense will be dealt.

* The greater the number of enemies, the greater the damage.

* The skill 'Golden Flash' has been generated.

A work created by Albatino, the first human to receive the nickname of 'craftsman' before Pagma's era. He attempted to reproduce the mythical weapon, Dainsleif.

While far lacking compared to the original Dainsleif, he succeeded in restoring some of its features, making it a masterpiece of its own.

It was acclaimed as a 'masterpiece of human history' by the founder of the Eternal Kingdom and king of the north, Loran.

The legendary blacksmith Pagma is said to have received great inspiration from Albatino's work.

User Restriction: Level 250 or higher. More than 1,800 strength. Advanced Sword Mastery.

Weight: 1,580 

[A hidden function doesn't exist.]

[You still don't have enough knowledge and experience to understand the material, the production method, and the intentions of the maker of Dainsleif (Reproduction).]

[You have no understanding of Dainsleif (Reproduction).]

[Valhalla]

Rating: Unique

Durability: 701/701   Defense: 872  Movement Speed: -5%

* 20% increase in health recovery.

* If health falls below 10%, a shield will be generated for 5 seconds that will absorb 3,000 damage.

* Increases defense by 10% against cutting and stabbing attacks.

* Magic resistance +180

A work created by Albatino, the first human to receive the nickname of 'craftsman' before Pagma's era. He aimed to create a walking fortress.

It was acclaimed as a 'masterpiece of human history' by the founder of the Eternal Kingdom and king of the north, Loran.

The legendary blacksmith Pagma is said to have received great inspiration from Albatino's work.

User Restrictions: Level 250 or higher. More than 800 strength. More than 1,000 stamina. Advanced Heavy Armor Mastery. 

Weight: 1,712 

[A hidden function doesn't exist.]

[You still don't have enough knowledge and experience to understand the materials, the production method and the intentions of the maker of Valhalla.]

[You have no understanding of Valhalla.]

"C-Cough…"

W-What were these amazing things? How did such amazing items show up in the smith of a village like this? As the two items shocked me speechless, Khan came up to me and firmly grasped my shoulders.

Then he asked me in a trembling voice, “You… how can you use Dainsleif and Valhalla?"

I couldn't afford to answer Khan's question right now. Rather, I was the one with questions.

“Khan, why are such great items in a place like this? Huh? Where did you get this?"

“Heok!”

H-How surprising.

Khan freaked out after listening to my question. I was surprised because it seemed like Khan's eyes were going to pop out.

‘Wow, this guy isn't a frog so how can his eyes pop out like this?'

Khan's eyes popped out of their sockets as he shook me. "You… Do you really know the value of these things?"

“Isn't it great just by looking at it? The creator is the great Albatino."

"H-Heok! You figured out who the maker is? P-Perhaps you are…?"

Khan's face and neck turned red. Then he wobbled like he would collapse.

'What? Why is he in this state? Is it high blood pressure?'

Did I save him, only for him to die of high blood pressure? No! I can't let that happen. 

“Hey, hey, Old Man! Calm down, calm down! You have to be careful!"

"Ah! Kuoock…"

“Heok? F-Foam? Hey! Old Man. Hey! What is this? Don't die! I succeeded the quest, right? Then why are you dying? If you have another quest, then give it to me!"

No, wait. If Khan died then what would happen to Dainsleif and Vahalla? 

"…Hey, Old Man. Are you well? Damn! You have to live. You must live."

After returning Dainsleif and Valhalla to their original locations, I carried the old man to the clinic.

***

The remote village of Winston. However, as the road was built and transportation developed, the village started to develop rapidly.

There were hunting grounds of various levels everywhere, and Winston overflowed with high-quality specialty products and unique quests. These factors meant that its development was endless.

Nowadays, many people came and went. In a survey of new users that a broadcasting station conducted, it was in the top 10 of 'New Village where I want to Start.'

People envied the residents of Winston after seeing the ever-evolving Winston. The land prices in Winston had increased by as much as 20 times, so it was expected that the residents would be rich.

This was only an illusion for those who didn't know the truth. The reality was quite different. The lives of the Winston residents weren't better than ever. This was due to the Mero Company.

The Mero Company had dominated the northern area of the Eternal Kingdom since a long time ago. Valmont, the leader of the Mero Company, predicted the potential of Winston more quickly than anyone else. When it was still a remote village, he bought the land and commercial areas of Winston at a cheap price from the residents.

Therefore, most of Winston's land and commercial areas were dominated by the Mero Company. It hadn't officially been promoted to a city yet, but many of Winston's signboards had the name 'Mero' on it. On the other hand, the residents lost their jobs and suffered from poverty.

The Mero Company's monopoly of Winston. It was a big jackpot for the Mero Company. It was possible to accumulate a huge amount of wealth. The lord wouldn't do anything due to the higher taxes and bribes.

“Indeed, people must have insight."

The owner of the Mero Company, Valmont was happy every day. Most of the profit from the village entered his pockets, so he enjoyed numerous luxuries. However, there was one thing that was raining on Valmont's mood: the existence of the smithy.

According to the decree of the king, cities and villages could only legally have one smithy. It was one of the government's extreme measures to prevent local powers from building massive weapons and strengthening their military capabilities.

Thus, there was one smithy in Winston and the owner of that smithy was a blacksmith called Khan, not the Mero Company. A business that was steady and gained a large amount of money as a weapons business was rare.

The Mero Company offered Khan an astronomical amount to sell the smithy, but he refused, saying it had been in his family for seven generations. It was no use even if Valmont used intimidation.

Valmont had a headache. It was too regretful to give up on the smithy. So he thought hard and came up with an ingenious scheme to put pressure on Khan. 

“Buy large quantities of quality weapons and farm equipment from the Taji Blacksmiths. Then sell it to the Winston residents and travelers at a cheap price. The profit? There is no need to worry about that. Sell it cheaply!"

Due to Valmont's order, Khan's blacksmith store lost its competitiveness. The residents and travelers of Winston no longer went to Khan's smithy. The weapons sold at the Mero Company were slightly lower in quality than those sold at Khan's smithy, but they were more diverse and cheaper, causing people to buy from the Mero Company.

In addition, Valmont planned one more thing. It was a plan to trick Khan by hiring an impostor.

"If you increase the scale of the smith, it will instill more confidence in the customers and business will be well again. I will lend you the money at a low-interest rate, so invest your money and grow the scale of the smithy. Show the people of Winston and the Mero Company that you will be successful!"

Khan foolishly believed the scammer. It was because the scammer was a long-time friend of Khan's. Without imagining that his friend had been bribed by Valmont, Khan borrowed money without checking the contract. As a result, the debt snowballed into an amount that he couldn't afford.

Valmont loved the feeling of watching Khan collapse.

“Huhuhu, that smithy will be mine in the near future."

The last thing Valmont did was hire a group of gangsters and he waited, believing that the smithy would soon be handed over to him. But was Khan as stubborn as a bull? When he saw that Khan never let go of the smithy despite being cornered, an even greater rage boiled up inside Valmont.

“Where are they? I told those gangsters to be firmly prepared if they didn't handle it this time."

He seriously warned them, so they were motivated to work harder. This time, the smithy would enter his hands…

“What? They're missing?"

“Yes, that's right."

"Those damn bastards!"

Chachachang!

Valmont overturned the table filled with delicacies at the unexpected report. Then he asked his closest subordinate, Rabbit. "Who recommended those gangsters?"

“Biel."

“Bring him here right now!”

After a few moments. Valmont quietly asked the trembling Biel, "Weren't you the ones who recommended those gangsters? You said I could believe in them? Then what is this? Not only have they not come back with Khan's smithy in the promised time period, but now they have run away. I even paid them an advance up front. How will you take responsibility for this?"

“I-I’m really sorry. They are the most notorious people in the neighborhood so I recommended…"

“I don't need your apology. Give it to me."

"Huh? W-What…?" Biel asked because he couldn't understand Valmont's meaning.

Valmonth was frustrated with Biel's confusion and spoke bluntly. "You must be stupid if you don't understand while working for a merchant company. Money. Give me money. You are responsible for the advance given to them as well as compensation for the failed commission."

"Y-Yes?! I-I don't have that much money. Please give me one more chance…"

Biel grabbed Valmont's clothing and begged. But Valmont was relentless.

“If you don't have money then create it. Otherwise, I will sell you to the slave market. Then I will be compensated to some extent. Huhuhu."

“M-Master! Please…please!"

"Remove this guy.”

Biel had been with Valmont for 10 years. He always worked hard, like a dog. But Valmont didn't tolerate even a single mistake. It was a cruel decision but he didn't care about morals.

'Proud and cruel.’

Rabbit didn't like this about Valmont's nature. But he could earn big money if he worked under Valmont, so Rabbit never betrayed him. After Biel was dragged out, Rabbit was left alone with Valmont and opened his mouth. 

"It is hard to believe that the gangsters hired by Biel would run away. They live here in Winston. They can't throw away their homes easily just for a little bit of money."

"If they didn't run away then what is it? Were they hit by the old man?"

"For now, it is most appropriate to think so. Until this morning, they visited Khan's smithy as normal. However, they were missing after that. It is certain that something happened in the smithy."

Valmont asked after hearing the explanation. “Where is Khan?"

“He has also disappeared."

"This is ridiculous! What on earth happened in that smithy?"

“We are investigating so you will know soon."

It was frustrating because he didn't know the exact circumstances. Valmont and Rabbit were coming up with various assumptions and guesses.

“I’ve found Khan's location!" An informant entered and reported. “Around two hours ago, there was a witness who saw a strange young man carrying Khan on his back.

“Strange young man… He must be the culprit in this incident. Rabbit, I will leave the business of the smithy to you from now on. Take care of anyone who gets in your way."

"Yes."

According to someone's evaluation of his personality, Valmont had talent as a merchant but he was harsh and violent. How was he able to grow the Mero Company to this extent? This was because he had Rabbit. Rabbit was a resourceful and skilled person who could cover Valmont's deficiencies. He suppressed his emotions and made calm judgments to produce the best results.

Now Rabbit was about to have an encounter with Grid.