“It’s the first time that we’ve met in reality.”

Youngwoo returned home after jogging with Sehee. Youngwoo encountered a man in his mid-30’s in a nice suit.

“Peak Sword?”

He gave off a stronger feeling in the game, but it was definitely Peak Sword. He was a South Korean who always asked foreigners ‘Do you know?’

“Hahaha! It’s an honor that God Grid recognized me.”

“It isn’t unusual.”

In fact, Youngwoo had a close relationship with Peak Sword. A friendship formed after they raided Hell Gao in Cork Island Dungeon together, as well as the Sakura Guild. Youngwoo didn’t feel uncomfortable despite Peak Sword visiting without any notice. Rather, there was a pleasant feeling. But he was confused.

“I heard you’re usually jogging around this time, so I came to find you in the morning. I was afraid that I wouldn’t be able to meet you, but luckily, I got the timing right.

Peak Sword extended a card.

 

[Korean Patriotic Association]

President Kang Daehan.

 

Kang Daehan. It was Peak Sword’s real name.

“Korean Patriotic Association? What is that?”

“Our task is to spread South Korea to the world. For example, if we encounter a foreigner…”

“I understand.”

He didn’t want to hear a more detailed explanation. He could guess it was something absurd just from the description.

“For reference, my sibling’s name is Minguk.” (TL: South Korea pronounced in Korean is Daehan Minguk.)

Daehan and Minguk. It was clear that Peak Sword’s unique patriotism came from his parents.

“It’s a cool name.”

“Right? But my sibling hates the name.”

“Why?”

“She’s a girl.”

“A girl is called Kang Minguk?”

“Yes.”

“…I would hate it as well.”

“Yes, I am the same. But she can’t change her name. If the name of Minguk disappears, the meaning of my name won’t be shown. In the first place, does it make sense to change the names our parents give us?”

“Indeed.”

Then…

‘Why are we having such a pointless conversation?’

He was dragged into Peak Sword’s pace. Peak Sword seemed to have a lot of talent as an insurance salesman. Youngwoo raised his awareness and asked.

“Why did you come to find me?”

“That…” Peak Sword was about to explain when he suddenly saw Sehee. He greeted Sehee with a heavy 90 degree bow. “It is an honor to meet God Grid’s sister and Saintess Ruby. This brother and sister are truly the treasure of South Korea.”

Sehee turned red. She was embarrassed by the excessive formality and praise.

“Oppa, I will enter first. Talk to each other.”

She hurried into the house while Peak Sword looked after her with a warm expression.

“She is pretty and polite. My sister Minguk is also pretty.”

“…”

“Well, won’t do we go drink coffee and have a talk?”

Youngwoo was thirsty after jogging so he nodded.

“Yes.”

The two men found a nearby cafe.

 

***

The end of June. Thanks to the university students who had already finished their final exams, the Tomorrow Cafe had a few empty seats.

Rattle.

“Welcome.”

The employee said as the door opened. Some of the guests reflexively gazed towards the entrance and were shocked.

“Peak Sword?”

“Wow, it really is Peak Sword.”

Peak Sword, the other South Korean ranker apart from Yura. He was a top star of Korea.

Snap snap!

People started taking photos of Peak Sword with their phones.

Rattle.

Another guest entered the cafe after Peak Sword. Youngwoo.

“G-God Grid!”

“Wow! Grid! We live in the same neighborhood, but this is the first time I’ve seen him in real life!”

“Kyaaak! Youngwoo-ssi is so cool!”

“What is Noe doing?”

The attention of the people instantly concentrated on Youngwoo. Youngwoo was the trend right now. It was enough to make Peak Sword seem like a third-rate celebrity. Peak Sword watched Youngwoo proudly before giving his order to the employee.

“Cappu…chino.”

His voice was shaking. He appeared to be sad. Youngwoo ignored the people and ordered a banana shake. The two people were seated at a table in the corner. Finally, Peak Sword cut to the chase.

“I want to merge the Silver Knights Guild into the Overgeared Guild.”

“Huh?”

“We want to become members of Overgeared.”

The scale of the Silver Knights Guild was huge. There were more than 200 guild members and they were the owners of Cork Island, famous for their gold mines and sightseeing spots, so they were well funded. It was enough to put their name on the list of top 50 guilds. This great guild wanted to be merged into Overgeared. It didn’t make sense.

Youngwoo questioned it. “The Silver Knights Guild is enjoying great glory, so why you you want to enter the Overgeared Guild?”

Peak Sword replied honestly. “Our guild’s growth is up to here. There is nobody in the guild with a unique talent, and Cork Island has a geographical limit as an island. It’s difficult to expand our forces, and we will eventually be left behind.”

Then they would be culled.

“In addition, I want to add strength to the team that you are leading, the pride of South Korea. I want to build the strongest guild together and raise the status of South Korea.”

Peak Sword never dreamed that Youngwoo would refuse the offer. Who would refuse the chance to devour a huge guild? But Youngwoo showed a surprisingly cold reaction. The reason was simple.

“You seem to have misunderstood something. I didn’t establish Overgeared for my country. The only reason I made Overgeared is so that my colleagues and I can earn money and live better.”

That’s right. Youngwoo was completely different from Peak Sword. He had an entirely different nature.

“Increasing South Korea’s status? Don’t even dream of joining my guild if it is for such a reason. The Overgeared members and I don’t care about that. Don’t you know that Overgeared is a multinational guild?”

Honestly, it was a waste. Youngwoo wanted to close his eyes and swallow up the Silver Knights Guild. However, if he allowed them to join while still thinking this foolishness, it could cause a crack in his guild in the future.

He had now broadened his view. It was one of the virtues infused in him by Lauel.

‘Above all, I like this guy.’

If he had no affection for Peak Sword, he might’ve merged the guild without hesitation. Then once he took full advantage, he would’ve discarded them. This was also the specialty of Lauel and Rabbit. But Youngwoo liked Peak Sword. He didn’t want their relationship to be broken.

Peak Sword was embarrassed after reading this.

“Thank you for speaking honestly. My thoughts were too selfish.”

“I’m thankful that you understand.”

A waitress brought over the drinks they ordered. She brought the drinks directly because she wanted to see Youngwoo close up.

‘He is okay.’ He had sharp eyes and an impressive physique. It was hard to call him handsome at first sight, but he became more charming the more she looked. ‘He is constructing a 10 billion won building?’

Her life would be easy if she caught this man. These were the thoughts revolving around the waitress’ head. She tried to get his attention, but Youngwoo wasn’t interested. His lack of experience with popularity was the cause. Youngwoo couldn’t grasp the meaning of the gaze that the female sent him. It might’ve been different if the employee had a D cup.

Youngwoo drank his banana shake. Peak Sword waited for the waitress to withdraw before speaking again.

“I still want to merge the Silver Knights Guild into the Overgeared Guild.”

What? Youngwoo frowned as Peak Sword repeated his words. Peak Sword bowed his head. “I am also a ranker. I want a better environment. I want to belong to the best guild and play in a better environment. It is the same for everyone else in the Silver Knights Guild.”

Overgeared Guild. The synergy between the legendary blacksmith and top talents was sure to explode, resulting in the strongest force in the future. Peak Sword’s personal greed made him want to join. This decision was solidified after he actually met Youngwoo.  From his point of view, Youngwoo was a good person.

“More than anything, I want to be with you. I still can’t forget that Hell Gao raid. It was the most enjoyable day of my gaming life.”

“Hrmm.” Youngwoo remembered the swordsman who mined the fire stones and gave a strange smile. “Are you mining these days?”

During the Hell Gao raid, Peak Sword awakened to the fun of mining. He felt an addictive pleasure every time he obtained a fire stone.

“I often enjoy it. When hunting in the dungeon, I will mine while waiting for my health to recover. It’s much better than just sitting down and resting. I have fun, earn money, and my stats go up.”

“What’s the level of your mining skill?”

“Beginner level 9. I will master the beginner level soon.”

“Hoh.”

Youngwoo thought Peak Sword had some talent when watching him mine the fire stones, but his growth was faster than expected. It would be good to get more miners. 

“Aren’t there a lot of mines on Cork Island? Miners as well?”

“Of course. Most of the residents of Cork Island are in the mining business. In addition, there are a few miners in the guild.”

Youngwoo’s smile widened further.

“Okay. I will accept the Silver Knights Guild.”

“Really?”

Peak Sword’s pleasure couldn’t be described. Youngwoo added a condition. “However, you must promise not to force the other guild members to love South Korea.”

Youngwoo was also Korean. It was a rotten country in many ways, but he still loved South Korea. However, he didn’t want to force the guild members to feel the same way.

Peak Sword agreed. “I understand.”

With this, it was finished. Youngwoo finished the banana shake and rose from his seat.

“Let’s go. I need to connect to Satisfy and share this guild merger with Lauel.”

“Yes!”

Peak Sword cried out jubilantly. Did he abandon his patriotism to join Overgeared? No. Not at all. He knew. Even if he didn’t taken any actions for South Korea, as long as Koreans belonged to the Overgeared Guild, the status of South Korea would naturally increase. There were many benefits to joining Overgeared.

“Hey.”

Youngwoo left the cafe with Peak Sword. Peak Sword called out to a foreign couple passing by. He pointed to Youngwoo and asked.

“Do you know Grid?”

“…”

Youngwoo was embarrassed. Peak Sword was paying attention to his actions, but there seemed to be a limit. He was worried that the Overgeared members wouldn’t be able to adapt for a while.

‘Well, those parts will be handled by Lauel.’

It was fortunate that he had Lauel. Youngwoo said goodbye to Peak Sword and went home. Then he entered his capsule.

“Login.”

There was a mountain of work to do. After accepting Piaro and Asmophel, he had to create a knights division. After that, he had to observe and seal Lifael’s Spear, acquire the design for a myth rated item, and save Isabel.

‘I also need to make more of the Grid set.’

Youngwoo’s vision darkened as he planned many things.