“Lululala~"

I naturally hummed a song, and as soon as I got out of the capsule, I sat on the toilet seat.

“Lululululu~"

I then headed to the kitchen and drank cold water.

“Lalalalala~"

I lay back on the couch and watched TV. The humming didn't stop, and laughter even started to emerge. I was so happy! Thanks to the hidden quest, I obtained a combat buff skill and cleared the quest safely, opening the path to a linked quest. I also gained a lot of levels in a short amount of time.

"I killed a few gangsters and got to level 21, isn't this a really big jackpot? Why is my luck so good these days?"

Hidden quests weren't easily obtained. This was the first time in my one year of playing Satisfy. Among the billions of people currently playing Satisfy, only a handful would've obtained a hidden quest. 

Many things had gone well since I became Pagma's Descendant. It really was an incredible class.

“There was a reason for my misfortune. It was a divine revelation after years of enduring misfortune. Ahahahahat~!"

What type of quest would Blacksmith Khan give me? And the reward? Maybe the enormous reward would be a unique item that I could use for a while…

If so!

“I can become a billionaire! Kuahahaha!”

The performance of Dainsleif and Valhalla was almost the same as the unique rated 'Failure' that I designed. However, since the usage conditions were very normal, it was possible to have an astronomical value when dealing with users.

'They are items that remind me of why Failure is a failure.'

Albatino was a great blacksmith. He was probably the blacksmith who gave inspiration to Pagma…

“Such a great person wasn't a legendary blacksmith, while I stumbled across the legendary blacksmith class during a quest… Well, this is the world."

I once again felt gratitude towards the legendary class that I obtained.

"Hrmm." I gazed at my watch with a yawn and saw that it had been two hours since I left the capsule. "Eight hours have passed in the world of Satisfy. Won't Khan wake up soon?"

According to the doctor, Khan's health was severe to excessive drinking and stress. But if I followed the quest story, Khan would overcome the alcoholism and his health would be restored. So I didn't have to worry about it.

I connected to Satisfy.

“Log in.”

My vision darkened before giving way to a warm light as I opened both eyes.

“…This is the clinic."

The last place I logged out of was the clinic where Khan was hospitalized. I immediately went to find the doctor called Simon.

“What is the old man's status?"

Simon smiled kindly.

“I thought it was dangerous because of the sudden increase in blood pressure in his weakened state. However, his condition is better than expected. He can soon be discharged from the hospital. God has blessed him…"

“I'm glad to hear that."

“He will be healthier if he stays away from drinking in the future."

I headed to Khan's room with Simon. After a while, Khan smiled as he saw me. "Ohh, welcome. I owe a lot to you."

I responded with a smile, "Those in difficult circumstances should help each other. Now, you can leave the hospital. You just need to pay for the treatment fee."

"……"

Why wasn't Khan answering? I couldn't help feeling uncomfortable. Then Khan's words were like a lightning bolt from the clear sky.

"I'm sorry… I currently don't…"

T-This…! It was like a lightning bolt struck my mind.

“Don't tell me… you won't pay the bill?"

"It isn't that I won't pay, but I can't. I don't have the money."

"Then what are you going to do? Does this clinic accept credit?"

I stared at Simon. His kind expression that had always been present was gone. Then Simon spoke with a very business-like expression. "Credit isn't possible."

"……"

I wanted to leave this old man alone, but then I wouldn't be able to get the quest.

"Damm..it! My bad luck was waiting! Luck is truly the worst!"

I had to pay one gold for Khan's treatment cost. I was afraid to calculate how much I had spent today.

Khan's smithy.

“Thank you once again."

As soon as Khan arrived at his smithy, he turned to me and bowed 90 degrees, expressing his sincere gratitude. Fortunately, he had a conscience. He thanked the person who paid one gold for his medical bill.

“Thank you. Thank you very much. I was able to feel hope again because of you. I was able to maintain the business that has been in my family for seven generations, that I almost lost due to my ignorance. I don't know how to repay you…"

Khan started crying. Unlike young people, elderly people really had a lot of tears.

"Old Man…"

I grabbed Khan's rough hand.

It was a common action that the 'main character' of dramas would do. 'Isn't it natural to help a neighbor in trouble? This was nothing, Old Man. There is no need to feel sorry. I don't need anything in return for my help.' Such unrealistic words would be spoken.

But I wasn't a protagonist of a drama! I was a loser of the cruel, relentless modern society that was close to the natural laws of the Serengeti. I want a reward!

“If you really appreciate it, give me something. Come on.”

“Yes, that’s right. Of course, I have to pay you back. Your grace was too big, I don't know what type of reward to give you.”

I just noticed, was this old man really simple? Didn't he notice the words I use? I stayed focused. I couldn't think about anything else.

“Old Man, you were almost robbed of this smithy by those gangsters. If you keep drinking, your health will worsen and you will eventually die." 

"Um, that's right."

“When you collapsed from high blood pressure, you could've died. Didn't you live because I took you to the clinic and paid for your treatment fee?"

"Yes."

“Then aren't I the savior of your life?"

"Yes."

I spoke logically. “To the savior of your life, you should give me a precious treasure equivalent to your life!"

Khan stopped crying and looked very sorry.

“A precious treasure equivalent to my life… I don't have such a thing. What should I do? Ugh…"

“Don't look so sad. I am very nice so I don't want treasures that are equivalent to your life. Over there, there." I pointed to the second floor with my finger. “If you give me Dainsleif and Valhalla, that is enough of a reward."

My heart was beating excitedly. It was because I was filled with expectation at receiving the items as a gift. But this was me. The world never went my way so easily.

“They are the heirlooms that have been passed down in my family for many generations. It is a treasure that my life can't be compared to. I will give my life to you, but I can't give you those items."

It was a flat refusal. If he wasn't going to give it, why bother being so earnest? As a frown appeared on my face, Khan coughed with shame and explained.

“These are treasures that my ancestor, Albatino dedicated his soul to. The treasures of his soul can't be handled by his descendant. I am obliged to keep these heirlooms until the day I die. But there's an exception."

Khan was Albatino's descendant? He couldn't fake his blood. Did that mean he would display advanced blacksmith skills once his alcohol addiction was healed? And what was the exception?

“What is the exception?"

Khan's gaze became serious. "There is something I want to ask you. How were you able to use the treasures? And how did you know its value at a glance?"

Khan explained.

“Dainsleif and Valhalla are unlucky battle gear. Their performance transcends imagination, but due to the usage requirements, it has been hundreds of years since an owner showed up. No hero could use them. It's been like that for the past few centuries. Due to that, they have disappeared in the history records. Now no one knows about their existence."

Khan and I went upstairs. We stood facing Dainsleif and Valhalla.

Khan touched them and beckoned.

"I am sad since I want the world to know the value of Dainsleif and Valhalla. So I placed it in this prominent place. But in order to fully understand such an extremely good work, the person needs the same level of insight as the creator. Despite having displayed it for decades, no one has understood its value."

Khan faced me.

"Then you showed up here."

The long story began.

“There is a legend that is passed down in my family. Around 130 years ago, a man called Pagma came here. He found Dainsleif and Valhalla accumulated dust in a corner of the store. He saw it at first glance. The value of Dainsleif and Valhalla…"

Khan's eyes flashed.

“Pagma admired the work of Dainsleif and Valhalla. It is said that he showed off his swordsmanship wearing Dainsleif, which has never been used by any hero. The beauty of it was unbelievable, and the swordsmanship seemed to pierce the sky, creating lightning."

I was amazed. An absurd but exciting fairy tale! Did he read the interest in my eyes?

Khan became more immersed in the story. “My ancestor, who witnessed the swordsmanship, fell to his knees in front of Pagma and begged. 'Please take Dainsleif and Valhalla. That would be what my ancestor wanted.'"

"Ohh! It became bigger! So? Did Pagma agree?"

“No. If Pagma agreed then Dainsleif and Valhalla wouldn't be here right now. This was Pagma's reply. 'These works are filled with Albatino's soul. I will refuse because they are so powerful, they shouldn't be wasted on a small bowl like myself.' Pagma was obstinate and my ancestor finally had to give up."

I really didn't understand the man called Pagma. No, why would he refuse something that was free? I would accept and sell them.

‘Ah, Pagma must've been a really rich person. So he wasn't greedy.'

My story continued while I was thinking this.

“Pagma said this before he left here. 'There are currently no heroes who can handle this armor. However, when the time comes, many heroes will emerge and all of them will be qualified to become masters of that armor.'"

"……"

I interpreted Pagma's words. The many heroes he spoke of referred to the users. The growth of users was fast and infinite. There would soon be rankers who could use Dainsleif and Valhalla.

'I don't want the items to be taken by them.'

I asked Khan straight away. “So what is the reason for the lengthy explanation?"

Khan replied without hesitation. "I want to know your identity."

“Do you think I am one of the heroes that Pagma talked about?"

“That’s right. Didn't I say there was an exception? If you can prove that you are the hero Pagma talked about, I am willing to give you Dainsleif and Valhalla."

There were strong expectations in Khan's eyes.

I couldn't know. The link with an ancient quest was approaching.

16 chapters a week will start next week (basically tomorrow) because of too many mass releases this week. I want to give my poor editor a break from editing so many chapters.