[The items have successfully combined!]

[(Combination) Failure + Lifael’s Spear]

Rating: Legendary (Transcendent)

Durability: Infinite

Attack Power: 1,100~2,390   Defense: 100

* Agility +100

* Divine Power +400

* Fixed damage of +2,200 on each attack.

* There is a certain probability of activating the ‘Light Wheel’ skill.

* Attack power +30% against those with black magic power.  

* There is a certain probability of blocking the enemy’s attacks.

* There is a high probability of activating the ‘5 Joint Attacks’ skill.

* The skill ‘Bisect’ will be generated.

* There will be a fear effect if the enemy is more than 15 levels lower than the user.

* Attack power +30% in dark places.

A weapon that maximizes the merits of the legendary rated ‘Failure’ and ‘Lifael’s Spear (Reproduction)’ after being combined by the legendary blacksmith G.

Conditions of Use: Pagma’s Descendant

* The combination time is 2 minutes.

* This item can’t be traded.

 

‘Transcendent legendary…!’

The result was more than expected. The performance of Failure + Lifael’s Spear was close to a mythical weapon. It was safe to say that Item Combination was one of Pagma’s Descendant’s ultimate techniques.

‘It is a pity that the combination time is only 2 minutes.’

Anyway, this battle would be decided within a short amount of time. Elfin Stone would either be killed in two minutes, or Grid’s party would be wiped out. This was the only outcome now that Blood Field was deployed.

Grid held the golden Failure. He revealed his power.

“Blackening.”

Kuwaaaang!

Black magic stirred as Grid’s skin became pale and the whites of his eyes turned black.

 

[Your black magic power has increased.] 

[You don’t have any black magic power. It will be replaced with demonic power.]

[While Blackening is activated, your species will change to half-demon.]

[As a half demon, your maximum health is reduced by 50%. Your attack power, magic power and agility will increased by 20% each.]

[All attacks will be converted to the black magic attribute.]

 

Blackening was a skill that greatly increased his combat related stats in return for half of his maximum health.  Grid felt strength boiling inside him. However, his status was a little strange. His heart rate elevated and he had an excruciating headache. it was hard to breathe through the pain in his head.

‘Why?’

A notification window popped up the moment Grid felt doubts.

 

[Your demonic force and divine power of the weapon opposes each other.]

[The divine power of (Combination) Failure + Lifael’s Spear has doubled the strength of the demonic power.]

[All your attacks will have both demonic and divine power at the same time.]

[Whenever you hit a target with an attack, there is a clash between the demonic power and divine power, causing an explosion.]

[The demonic power will increase the power of Blackening by devouring the divine power.]

[Maximum health will drop by 50%. Your attack power, magic power and agility will increased by 10% each.]

 

It was an obvious mistake. He was so focused on gaining power to overcome the crisis that he didn’t consider the compatibility of Lifael’s Spear and Blackening.

“Ack…!”

The headache was getting worse. Iyarugt came running at his neck.

Chaaeng!

Failure’s blade had a small blade reminiscent of a shark’s fin attached to it. It blocked Iyarugt’s sword. Grid didn’t intentionally use his swordsmanship, relying on the power of the items.

 

[The option effect of (Combination) Failure + Lifael’s Spear has been activated in order to block the enemy’s attack.]

 

Kwaang!

A dark explosion occurred at the point where the two swords hit each other. Both Grid and Elfin Stone suffered damage.

 

[You have suffered 5,300 damage.]

[You have dealt 15,900 damage to the target.]

 

It was an explosion that contained demonic and divine power. Unlike Grid who had a certain resistance to both attributes and the Holy Light Armor which reduced magic damage, Elfin Stone was vulnerable to divine power and suffered greatly.

But the result wasn’t good for Grid either. Grid’s maximum health had fallen to 16,000 points, so 5,300 damage was fatal to him. Meanwhile, Elfin Stone’s current health was 4 million. From his standpoint, the damage from the explosion wasn’t that threatening.

However, Elfin Stone didn’t know this about Grid. He thought Grid intentionally caused the explosion and felt a chill.

‘Is this really a human?’

A human manifested demonic power and divine power while exerting a physical ability that was comparable to a True Blood earl. It was both transcendent and strange.

“What the hell is your identity?”

“…”

Grid didn’t say anything. To be precise, he had no room to speak. He was barely maintaining his reason with this severe headache.

“Kuaaaah!”

It was like the roar of a beast. Grid approached Elfin Stone and used Kill. The speed and damage wasn’t comparable to the past. It was a tremendous level. It was a fearful attack. Elfin Stone moved with all his might and succeeded in evading Kill.

‘Dammit!’

Elfin Stone sweated as he barely avoided the attack.

‘I felt fear!’

He was a direct descendant of Shizo Beriache.  Yet he was scared of this unknown human?

‘I can’t tolerate it.’

Embarrassment boiled inside him.

Kwaduduk!

Elfin Stone widened the distance with Grid. If the two swords collided with each other, there would be an explosion. So he tried to use magic so that he wouldn’t be damaged.

This was a big mistake. Grid had Pagma’s Swordsmanship, Transcend. He was able to switch to ranged attacks and thus was safe from the explosion that occurred every time the attack hit the distant target.

Pepepepeok!

Explosions kept occurring around Elfin Stone as he was hit by a bombardment of energy blades.

 

[You have dealt 15,760 damage to the target.]

[You have dealt 16,400 damage to the target.]

[Lifael’s Spear’s option effect is activated, causing the skill ‘Light Wheel’ to be generated.]

[You have dealt 82,900 damage to the target.]

[The option effect of (Combination) Failure + Lifael’s Spear is activated, causing the skill ‘5 Joint Attacks’ to be generated.]

[You have dealt 60,040 damage to the target.]

 

“Kuaaaack!”

Elfin Stone let out a horrible shriek. The heavy onslaught and explosion of black light contained a destructive power that even a vampire earl couldn’t ignore.

“Wow…”

“Really strong.”

“…It’s terrifying.”

The Overgeared members were stunned. They might be in the top 20 rankings, the attack power shown by Grid was different.

‘Maybe. Maybe this…’

At this moment, wasn’t Grid comparable to Kraugel? Pon had encountered Kraugel in the past and knew his strength. Just as he was thinking that.

“Shit! Shitt!”

Elfin Stone started cursing. It wasn’t possible to turn to smoke due to the divine power in Grid’s attacks, while Blood Shield couldn’t completely protect his body from the damage of the explosions.

‘In the first place, it was wrong for me to move back!’

Elfin Stone belatedly realized and changed his posture. Anyway, it was meaningless to defend so he planned to confront Grid with force. It was both his pride and a wise judgment.

Kuwooooh!

Elfin Stone’s scattered blood gathered in one place. Then the blood turned into a spear and shot towards Grid.

“Heart Seeker!”

Peeeeeong!

Heart Seeker was a targeted skill that unconditionally hit the target. It was a definite death sentence. The strength surpassed Extreme Blood Transfusion, but Elfin Stone was reluctant to use it because it consumed his health. The fact that Elfin Stone used Heart Seeker meant he recognized that Grid was strong.

Kiiiing.

It was an absolute majesty. The bloody spear penetrated straight through Grid’s bombardment of Transcend and Blacksmith’s Rage. Then…

Puoook!

“Grid!”

The Overgeared members paled from fear. Grid failed to respond to the spear and it pierced his heart.

“Cough!”

Red blood poured from Grid’s nose and mouth. Elfin Stone wasn’t careless.

‘He survived the Extreme Blood Transfusion’

Confirmation was necessary. Elfin Stone once again used another spell despite already consuming a large amount of health and magic power.

“Blood Wave!”

Kwa kwa kwa kwang!

Blood Wave shot towards Grid. A smile appeared on Elfin Stone’s mouth as he confirmed that Grid was about to be hit by it.

“Pagma’s Swordsmanship…”

“…!”

Grid used the Skill Deletion of Dark Bus’ Ring and penetrated through Blood Wave to reach Elfin Stone. Elfin Stone tried to hinder Grid by hurriedly deploying Blood Thorn. However, Grid used the left and right movements of Link to avoid most of the thorns coming from the ground.

“Damn bastard!”

Elfin Stone shot out Blood Laser. It was blood magic that penetrated through a narrow range. But Grid waved his hand and destroyed it. He actively utilized Dark Bus’ Ring.

“This is nonsense!”

Elfin Stone was alarmed by the sight! In the end, Grid narrowed down the distance, avoiding Iyarugt with the footwork of Kill. Then he used his best skill.

“Linked Kill.”

Kuwooooh!

Both black and gold light shot out like fireworks.

Chaaeng!

Elfin Stone used Iyarugt to resist the first strike of Linked Kill. But the explosion that occurred afterwards was the problem.

“Kuk!”

Elfin Stone shook. It was the same with Grid. Elfin Stone was the one who fixed his posture first. It was close, but this difference could be huge in battle. Iyarugt aimed for Grid’s heart. Grid’s immortal passive was activated after Heart Seeker, so this was a tremendous crisis from Grid’s standpoint.

‘I can’t lose after coming this far.’

Grid didn’t give up. He might die but he continued to use Linked Kill. And he received a reward for this.

 

[The option effect of (Combination) Failure + Lifael’s Spear is activated, causing the skill ‘Light Wheel’ to be generated.]

 

It was a skill that unfolded at an exquisite moment. Thanks to that, Linked Kill’s thrust quickly changed. Elfin Stone exposed a gap after aiming Iyarugt at Grid, and was wounded instead.

 

[Critical!] 

[You have dealt 304,600 damage to the target.]

 

‘Unbelievable!’

The magic sword Iyarugt made the wearer into a master of swordsmanship. But what was this sword technique? Elfin Stone staggered from the shock and was struck by the third consecutive Linked Kill. 

Puok!

 

[You have dealt 119,400 damage to the target.]

 

Next was the fourth blow.

 

[You have dealt 122,000 damage to the target.]

 

Then the fifth.

 

[The Holy Light Gloves’s option effect is activated, causing the skill ‘5 Joint Attacks’ to be generated.]

[You have dealt 608,500 damage to the target.]

 

The sixth blow.

 

[Critical!]

[The Holy Light Gloves’s option effect is activated, causing the skill ‘5 Joint Attacks’ to be generated.]

[Lifael’s Spear’s option effect is activated, causing the skill ‘Light Wheel’ to be generated.]

[You have dealt 3,054,900 damage to the target.]

 

Grid’s sword kept striking at Elfin Stone. The explosion that occurred every time also landed on Grid. Grid wore Doran’s Ring and took a supreme health potion, but the amount of recovery couldn’t keep up with the damage. In the end. 

“Kuk…! Kuock!”

His love, Leah. Elfin Stone recalled the last time he saw her smiling face and scattered into black smoke.

 

[You have died.]

 

Grid also turned into a grey light.

 

[Vampire Earl Elfin Stone is forced to sleep after exhausting all his powers.]

[Your party leader Grid has died.]

[The Pavranium Expedition has acquired Elfin Stone’s Ring.]

[The Pavranium Expedition has acquired Iyarugt.]

[The Pavranium Expedition has acquired the 4th Piece of ???.]

[The Pavranium Expedition has become the first party to capture a vampire city!] 

[The Pavranium Expedition party members will receive bonus experience points and increased item acquisition rate in all vampire cities for the next month.]

 

Many notification windows popped up. However, Grid’s vision was turning black so he had no way to verify it.