Grid’s party would fail at the Elfin Stone raid. It was regrettable, but it couldn’t be helped. Elfin Stone was too strong. The Overgeared members all thought so, except for Yura.

She believed that Grid would produce results that would overturn everyone’s expectations. This wasn’t an inadequate belief that stemmed from her liking towards him. It was because she became a Demon Slayer and realized the power of a legendary class.

“Didn’t struggling with the strong help you?”

She believed that Grid would succeed in the raid. Yura smiled at Grid. Grid’s expression was full of confidence as he replied.

“Yes, it was a very big help.”

There was an insurmountable wall in Grid’s consciousness. It was none other than Hell Gao. The great demon whose body was sealed by Sword Saint Muller, with only the soul remaining. He was very strong. It was impossible to defeat him unless the fire stones were taken.

But now it was different. Grid was comparable to Hell Gao. No, he might even be stronger after gaining the experience of defeating Elfin Stone.

‘Sooner or later, I will hunt Hell Gao again.’

Then it would be different from the past. Grid would raid Hell Gao without resorting to the fire stones, and would eventually reach a higher ground.

‘I must become the best.’

He didn’t want to ever sacrifice his colleagues again due to his own helplessness. It was enough to only experience that dirty feeling once. Grid’s expression as he vowed was more mature than before. The growth of the 28 year old youth was continuing without stopping.

How charming would he be once he was over 30 years old? Yura’s heart thumped at the thought. She trembled as Grid stared at her.

“But why is your level so low? The 5th place ranker is only level 203? Have you been cheating people?”

What was this? He seemed to go back to the time when he spat things out without thinking. But Yura accepted it well. She thought he was better than a man who was pretentious or always bluffed.

“Check my class.”

“Class? Aren’t you a black magician?” Grid only saw Yura’s level in the guild members information and belatedly confirmed her class. Then he was shocked. “Demon Slayer? What is this? Huh? Uh? L-Legendary…!”

At the press conference for the 1st National Competition, Lim Cheolho had stated this: There were a total of nine legendary classes.

However, two legendary classes were part of Overgeared. Grid’s heart was overflowing with joy.

“You are really welcome!”

Grid was so happy he wanted to embrace her. But he didn’t want to be labelled as a molester and refrained.

After that.

Grid left Reidan with Yura and Huroi. It was to join up with the Pavranium Expedition. He had 84 days left in his quest to secure the remaining pavranium. City 13 was one of the most difficult ones, and it was already cleared. Their power was strengthened, so it would be easier to secure the rest of the pavranium.

 

***

The 13th vampire city.

After Grid died killing Elfin Stone, the surviving party members searched all over the city. The ultimate goal of this expedition was to secure the pavranium. But it was difficult to find. The scale of the city was too big and it was also dark.

“The torches have already run out.”

“If I had known this, I would’ve packed more.”

“Zednos. You’re a third advancement magician, and yet you can’t use any light magic?”

“I only learned wind magic.”

“Sigh, you should learn the basic spells, regardless of attribute.”

“I’m willing to continue with this path. Who knows? If I keep learning only one type of magic, I might obtain a hidden class.”

“Ugh… What if we ask for Minor to be sent? He would find it quickly.”

“Let’s look a little more.”

Four more hours passed. They killed the scattered remnants of the vampires’ familiars while searching and eventually found a deep cave. The entrance was covered by a rock wall, making it look like a secretive and suspicious place.

“This seems like it?”

Vantner took the lead. The moment when all the people behind him entered the cave.

 

[The Guardian of the Labyrinth has detected an intruder and woken up from a long sleep.]

[The traps have been activated.]

 

Papat! Pa pa pa pat!

Kwarururung!

A rain of arrows fell from the ceiling while spikes rose up from the ground. The chain lightning that came from the walls was stronger than many magicians. In the past, Grid couldn’t cope with the damage from Braham’s traps and survived due to his immortal passive. But it was somewhat lacking to threaten the current Overgeared members.

“Titan.”

Kuwaaah!

Vantner summoned an illusionary giant. It was a skill that increased the physical defense power of each party member, as well as blocking the projectiles.

Jjejeong! Jjeejeeeong!

Most of the arrows were neutralized by the giant. The thorns rising from the ground pierced the soles of their feet, but the increase in defense allowed them to avoid any fatal wounds.

“Wind Curtain!”

Chain Lighting was weakened by Zednos’ magic. Thanks to that, the party members could escape from the traps. Two very large golems were waiting for them.

“Wow, they’re huge. Aren’t they a bit bigger than the ancient weapons that attacked Reinhardt?”

“This golem…”

Jishuka and Vantner were familiar with these golems. The two people thought about it.

“They resemble the golem that Grid fought when he obtained the pavranium.”

“However, they look much bigger and stronger.”

“It means this place definitely has pavranium.”

“Okay, let’s take them down lightly.”

The two guardians of the labyrinth! They were 150 levels higher than the golems that Grid defeated in the past. They were also stronger than the ancient weapons that invaded Reinhardt. But the Overgeared members also grew. The golems couldn’t exert any power against the elites of the Overgeared Guild. No matter how high their stats, the golems had simple defensive patterns, so they weren’t a threat to rankers who had transcendent control skills.

“The defense is quite high.”

“Slow down and concentrate on the feet. Knock it down.”

“Zednos, look for the mana core. Then I can deal fatal damage to the mana core with my quick-draw sword technique.”

Kurururu!

20 minutes after the battle started. The guardians of the labyrinth had high defense and health, but they eventually collapsed. The party members’ expressions brightened as they identified all the minerals that dropped.

It was because they imagined Grid’s happiness. As they were thinking this, someone’s voice was delivered into their minds.

[Now dogs and cows dare touch my things.]

“Dog?”

“Cow?”

“Us?”

He was referring to them, who were in the top 20 of two billion users?

“Who are you to say that?”

Vantner growled and asked the voice.

[I am the great magician Braham.]

Braham was looking forward to it. He wanted to see their terrified reactions when they heard his name. However, the Overgeared members responded in a completely unexpected way.

“It’s just a specter of the past.”

“You’re the one who installed the traps? You have a sneaky personality.”

“If you’re dead, you should leave peacefully. Why are you staying in this world to harm people?”

“Give us the pavranium.”

[You guys…!]

Braham knew that the intruders were Grid’s subordinates. It was thanks to Euphemina, who was currently in the Siren Kingdom. Braham had watched them through Mumud’s Orb when she had been staying at Reidan. Braham didn’t like them.

[You truly fit together! All of you are just like Pagma’s Descendant!]

Grid, the thief who stole the pavranium instead of making the Vessel of the Soul. Even now, he was sending his minions to rob Braham’s pavranium. It was an act that couldn’t be forgiven.

[I will show you!]

Grid would take a direct hit if he killed these guys! Braham pulled out the weapon he had prepared for when he would reunite with Grid.

[Mumud!]

Kwajak!

An old coffin emerged from the ground. The Overgeared members were surprised at the sight of the coffin.

“Another vampire?”

“What magician can summon a vampire?”

The Overgeared members determined that it was a vampire, but this was a big mistake.

Creak.

It was a skeleton, not a vampire, that emerged from the open coffin.

“Skeleton?”

In Satisfy, skeletons were summoned using bones. What skeleton was kept in a coffin? Zednos turned pale as he found the orb in the skeleton’s hand.

“Mumud…! I knew that name was familiar. He was Braham’s disciple!”

“Then?”

“That skeleton, it’s a lich!”

“What?!”

A lich was on a different dimension from a skeleton. They possessed infinite magic power and were rumored to surpass the 10 great magicians of the continent. Braham’s soul fluttered as he identified the nervous reactions of the Overgeared members.

[Demands are a privilege of the strong. You want me to give you the pavranium? You children who don’t understand who you are going against, I will punish you.]

Kiyaaaaaah!

The lich stood up. The magic power emitted by it was reminiscent of Elfin Stone.

“Let’s escape. We can wait until Grid comes back.”

“Yes, we don’t have to fight it now. Let’s go back safely.”

They were still exhausted after the Elfin Stone raid. The risk was high and there was no merit to fighting the lich without a plan. The Overgeared members quickly judged the situation and tried to escape.

Step step.

At that moment, someone’s footsteps were heard in the cave.

‘Perhaps?’

‘Grid!’

Grid always appeared with perfect timing. He was like a character in a movie who appeared in a moment of crisis. He was a person who made them feel a strange anticipation.

“I finally found it. Lich Mumud.”

“…!”

The Overgeared members thought the footsteps belonged to Grid. Their brightened faces distorted instantly. They never imagined the true identity of the owner of the footsteps.

“Why are there so many guests?”

A man appeared in front of the Overgeared members and the lich. He swept back his pale green hair and scanned the Overgeared members.

“Look at these guys who are rushing around because they received their third advancement. Don’t you know how to play alone?”

Who could speak in such an unreasonable manner to the prestigious Overgeared members? There was only one person. This man had the nickname of Crazy Person. Or Mad Dog.

“Agnus…!”