[Three pieces of ??? have been collected.]

[The information about the ??? Pieces has been updated.]

 

Ttiring~

 

[Red Mirror Piece]

Pieces of a round mirror made of blood stones.

The exact function of the mirror isn’t known.

The third prince of the Saharan Empire is looking for this mirror. It is recommended that you gather all the pieces and give them to him.

Weight: 3

 

‘This…!’

Grid verified the updated information of the unknown pieces. Then another item passed through his head.

‘Amethyst Shield!’

 

[Amethyst Shield]

Rating: Epic

Durability: 200 

Defense: 200   Magic Resistance: 200

A beautiful shield that shines purple, red, or black depending on the angle. It is a symbolic piece that is awarded only to the head of the Red Knights. 

It was an item lost three years ago when Piaro, who was framed as a traitor by Asmophel, fled to the Eternal Kingdom.

The third prince of the Saharan Empire is looking for this shield. It is recommended that you bring it to him.

Weight: 350

 

It was an item he acquired more than a year ago in Satisfy time. The Awakened Guardian of the Forest had dropped it. How could he meet a prince of the empire? He had placed the item in his inventory and forgotten about it.

‘The performance isn’t very good, but I kept it because it’s a quest item.’

How could he have forgotten about it…?

‘Well, a busy person can forget about the little things.’

His memory wasn’t bad. Grid had a habit of getting involved in incidents every day, so he rationalized it to himself.

‘Anyway, there seems to be a big episode since the empire’s third prince is always mentioned.’

Could he get a hint from Piaro, the owner of the Amethyst Shield?

‘Once this expedition is over, I should talk with Piaro.’

Grid determined and checked the remaining items. First was Iyarugt.

“Legendary Blacksmith’s Appraisal.”

 

[The blacksmith who became a legend can appraise items with an excellent discerning eye. If a hidden feature exists in the target item, it will be found.]

[Iyarugt]

Rating: Unique (Growth)

Durability: 351/351  Attack Power: 793

* Sword Mastery Level +5.

* The skill ‘Blood Cry’ is generated.

* Decreases the healing ability of the target by 50% when they are hit.

* A critical strike will cause a bleeding status that will last for 3 seconds. The bleeding damage will be proportional to your attack power.

* The target’s bleeding effect will be maximized when three combos are achieved. At this time, the damage done to the target will increase by 200% for 1 second.

* When five combos are achieved, the target’s thinking ability will be destroyed for 0.3 seconds. At this time, you can link the skill ‘Hell Sword.’

Iyarugt is a sword made by the only blacksmith of hell, out of a soul and blood stones. It has exceptional damage for a one-handed sword.

The soul of Iyarugt will turn the wearer into a master of swordsmanship. However, he rarely accepts anyone as a master.

Conditions of Use: A person chosen by Iyarugt.

Weight: 290

[A hidden function doesn’t exist.]

 

‘Amazing…!’

A legendary rated two-handed sword had an attack power of 1,040~2,166. On the other hand, Iyarugt was a unique rated one-handed sword, but its attack power was close to 800. This was a tremendous number considering the fact that two-handed swords normally had more attack power, while one-handed swords normally had more speed.

‘It also increases the level of Sword Mastery by 5. The average damage might rise or fall slightly compared to Failure. It will be far superior if it’s raised to a legendary rating.’

It was an excellent sword. The material was far superior to blue orichalcum, but there was also the skills of the blacksmith.

‘Hell’s only blacksmith…’

Helmis. A demonkin he met when he died in the Blackening State and fell to hell.

‘Is it his work?’ But it was strange. ‘He seems to have an affinity with the blacksmithing class itself… If we meet again, will he teach me?’

Grid was filled with expectations.  But he didn’t want to go to hell. Of course, hell was very different from his imagination. It was a peaceful world with a clear blue sky and grasslands. The demonkin were also surprisingly friendly.

However, he shouldn’t be misled by appearances. A rash decision was always poisonous.

‘Hell is the land of evil.’

He should avoid that place, as long as he didn’t know what risks might be present. Grid dismissed the reunion with Helmis and examined Elfin Stone’s Ring next.

 

[The blacksmith who became a legend can appraise items with an excellent discerning eye. If a hidden feature exists in the target item, it will be found.]

[Elfin Stone’s Ring]

Rating: Epic (Growth)

* During normal attacks, 12% of the damage done to the target will be restored to you as health.

* During skill attacks, 5% of the damage done to the target will be restored to you as health.

* This effect is only invoked once every 21 seconds.

* Strength, stamina and health +20

A ring that contains Earl Elfin Stone’s unique magic power.

It raises the potential and survival ability of the wearer.

Weight: 1

 

‘This is also amazing…!’

In Satisfy, a potion’s cooldown time was long and healers were precious, so the value of a vampire’s ring was astronomical. In addition, Elfin Stone’s Ring was applied to skill attacks.  This was a unique feature that went against common sense, and the compatibility with Grid’s legendary skills was excellent. The only thing lacking was that the cooldown time was 21 seconds, but that wasn’t a huge disadvantage.

‘It gives me a 60 point stat bonus…’

Wasn’t it like gaining six levels? Grid’s heart pumped. He was glad about obtaining another top quality accessory after Doran’s Ring and Dark Bus’ Ring. It was worth sacrificing his life to succeed in this raid.

A notification window popped up in front of Grid.

 

[This item has a hidden function.]

[The information of Elfin Stone’s Ring has been updated.]

 

“…!”

Grid’s eyes widened. He was amazed to see the true function of Elfin Stone’s Ring.

* If this ring grows to a legendary rating, the wearer can summon Vampire Earl Elfin Stone.

“…Uh?”

He was able to summon the strongest and worst boss? There was no mention of whether the summoned person would be a subordinate, or if he would still be hostile to Grid. But if he thought about it with common sense, Elfin Stone was more likely to be his subordinate.

Grid clenched his fists tightly. He was thrilled as he imagined Elfin Stone becoming his slave. However, there was one thing that bothered him. Grid turned to stare at the party members.

“All of you should know the value of these items. It’s too burdensome for me to gobble them up alone.”

The party members smiled brightly.

“Don’t you normally do this for us?”

“We can get items from a legendary blacksmith for free, as long as we provide the materials.”

“Besides, don’t forget that the main player in this raid is Grid.”

“In the first place, we wouldn’t have raided Elfin Stone if it wasn’t for you.”

“Everyone…”

He was deeply grateful for their help with his quest, as well as giving him such consideration. Where in the world did such nice and kind friends existed? Grid vowed yet again. He had to return double the grace they showed to him. But before that, there was something he needed to do.

“Jishuka. Please fire Phoenix Arrow here.”

“Huh? Why?”

Phoenix Arrow was a symbol of Jishuka’s authority, as well as her ultimate skill. It was the strongest skill that summoned a fire bird and turned the whole area into a sea of fire. Why did Grid want her to use Phoenix Arrow here? Grid pointed towards the pavranium that Jishuka had given him.

“To smelt this.”

“…”

Jishuka recalled a disgraceful moment from the past. Grid had wanted her to use her ultimate skill as a substitute for a blast furnace. Her pride was upset. However, she couldn’t refuse her guild master just because of pride. Moreover, Yura was also present. Jishuka wanted to prove that she was better than Yura.

“…I understand.”

Jishuka used Phoenix Arrow. It was a tremendous decision considering her normal prideful personality. Her colleagues looked at her with a pitying gaze.

‘Grid’s attitude towards women is too lacking.’

‘He isn’t delicate…’

‘Our poor Jishuka. Falling in love with an uncaring guy like that.’

Ttang! Ttang!

Grid became a bad guy who devoted himself to making an item. Using the fire that Phoenix Arrow generated, he smelted the pavranium and attached it to Lifael’s Spear. As a result, a small handle was attached to Lifael’s Spear. It meant that he could swing Lifael’s Spear by holding it in his hand.

But it still wasn’t complete. In order to truly be reborn as Lifael’s Spear, he needed to acquire the remaining 14 pavranium.

‘If I collect all 14 pavranium…’

The length of the handle had to be increased in order to enhance the spear to its best performance. At that time, it would be truly reborn as Lifael’s Spear. Its power would be comparable or even higher than Iyarugt’s.

“Give me any equipment you want repaired.”

Grid reached out to his party members. Then they entrusted him with the items that were damaged during the course of the city raid.

Ttang! Ttang!

Indeed, Grid was a legendary blacksmith. There were dozens of items to be repaired. His speed was several times faster than ordinary blacksmiths. Grid’s true power was revealed when he was holding the hammer.

After that.

“Let’s depart.”

After the maintenance, Grid’s party left the 13th city and headed towards the 14th city. They planned to conquer the 14th and 15th cities first, then start sequentially from 12 down to 1. They were tired at the thought of all the city masters being like Elfin Stone, but the party didn’t shrink back.

It was because Grid’s increased strength and the addition of Yura raised the morale of the party. Unlike the concerns of the party, the expedition proceeded smoothly. The masters of the 14th and 15th cities were only barons, not earls. They were ridiculously weak compared to Elfin Stone.

“Indeed, if vampires like Elfin Stone were so common, then this world would’ve already been dominated by vampires.”

The party was able to deduce that the difficulty of the 13th city was exceptionally high. Only Grid was suffering among the party members who had regained their composure.