1st Prince Ren’s expedition to Reidan had to proceed in secret.

Spreading the news would allow Grid time to respond. Ren secretly recruited his army by organizing small number of troops and moving through through the estates of the nobles. It took a lot of time due to that, but Ren didn’t hesitate.

It was right to be prudent.

 

***

The day before Grid’s son, Lord, was born. There was a big disturbance in the fortified city of Patrian. 1st Prince Ren visited the city with 7,000 troops.

“I greet the prince.”

Earl Ashur greeted him. He had the strength to control the balance of the world, but he did his duty as someone loyal to the nation.

“Earl, you don’t need to do this. Get up. Come on.”

Prince Ren was uncomfortable. Even the prince of a kingdom couldn’t afford to go against a great magician. It was the same in the empire.

Earl Ashur asked him, “Why has the prince visited this place with an army?”

Prince Ren explained honestly. He intended to from the beginning.

“Unfortunately, the king’s life won’t last much longer. I feel like as part of my duty to the stability of the kingdom and the royal family, I have decided to strike at Grid.”

“…”

Earl Ashur had also heard rumors about what Grid had said at the rewards ceremony after the golem invasion. He understood the feelings and position of Prince Ren. But he was confused. The wicked Grid was holding his son hostage. His son might be in danger if Reidan was invaded.

Prince Ren saw Earl Ashur’s worried face and opened his mouth.

“I’m well aware of your situation. Your son Bland is being held hostage in Reidan? Several months ago, Duke Grid used this weakness so that you would help him.”

“…”

Earl Ashur couldn’t say anything. He was too proud to admit the fact that one of the continent’s 10 great magicians was in someone else’s hands.

Prince Ren looked at him. “I will surely defeat Duke Grid and rescue Sir Bland. Trust me and cooperate with me.”

“Do you have a good plan?”

Prince Ren was well aware of the strength of Grid’s forces. Then what was this confidence? Earl Ashur showed interest and Prince Ren introduced a few people to him. It was the Royal Knights commander, Chucksley, and other people, including Hurent.

Earl Ashur was amazed as he examined their faces.

‘Prince Ren had such a network?’

Recently, Chucksley was in the spotlight for shooting down three flying birds with one arrow. The kingdom’s influential figures were following Ren. Among them were users (those who received the blessing of God), such as Hurent.

Their power was hard for even Earl Ashur to gauge.

Ren explained to him, “The ideal thing would be for you to personally join my army, but… Duke Grid could hurt Bland. I can’t ask that of you, so please do me a favor. Teleport 3,000 of my soldiers to the Altes Mountains.”

Altes Mountains!

Strictly speaking, it was the territory of the Saharan Empire located to the west of Reidan. It was the exact opposite position to Patrian, which was to the east of Reidan.

“A diversion?”

“Yes, the 4,000 soldiers will cross the desert and draw Duke Grid’s eyes, while 3,000 soldiers will attack from the rear.”

Reidan had many excellent talents, but there were only 1,000 soldiers. A diversion was highly likely to work. It wasn’t bad. However, Earl Ashur found it hard to answer.

Teleporting 3,000 people?

It might be possible for the legendary Braham, but it was hard for Earl Ashur.

‘2,000 soldiers might be possible.’

He would consume all his magic power at once and would probably receive a serious injury. It would be difficult to use magic for at least a fortnight.

Prince Ren kneeled and looked up at Ashur. “I know that this is an unreasonable demand. But please, for the royal family. No, for the sake of this kingdom and Sir Bland.”

The prince of a kingdom. The heir to the throne was kneeling while thousands of soldiers watched on. If Earl Ashur rejected this, it was clear that his reputation would be the worst. Earl Ashur realized.

‘1st Prince… He is quiet sly, unlike his pure and decent appearance.’

Now Earl Ashur realized how he could acquire so many talents.

‘Yes, he will be able to deal with that evil Grid.’

Earl Ashur laughed. He was elated by Prince Ren’s plan and answered.

“I understand. I will follow your will. However, my lowly ability can only teleport 2,000 troops.”

“That alone is good enough! Thank you!”

Prince Ren was thrilled to tears. Earl Ashur knew the tears were false, but the soldiers were different.

“Waaaaahhhhh!”

“Hooray 1st Prince!”

“Hooray Earl Ashur!”

 

[The morale of the army has risen. The stats of all soldiers will rise by 5% and the stamina consumption rate will decrease. This effect will continue as long as morale doesn’t fall.]

 

It was auspicious. 

Hurent smiled at the notification window.

“The great magician who grabbed the ankles of the seven guilds is helping me. How about it? Bunny Bunny. Do you feel the difference between me and the seven guilds?”

He would get revenge on Grid and get rid of his humiliation in front of the whole world. Hurent took Bunny Bunny, the best gaming BJ in the world, with him to fulfill that. Bunny Bunny, who had been recording the whole process with his camera, raised his thumb.

“I must admit that there is a clear difference.”

In fact, this situation was Prince Ren’s achievement, but Hurent ignored that. Hurent had the vision to recognize Prince Ren’s skill and accept the quest.

 

***

Name: Karin

Age: 21  Gender: Female

Occupation: Soldier

Title: Royman

A pseudonym used since she started pretending to be male. She really feels like a man, so her confidence increased and her strength increased by 5%. However, her charm is greatly reduced.

Title: New Star of the West

A genius that represents the region. Her level and abilities will rise 20% faster than normal. In the ‘desert’ terrain, all stats will increase by 150%.

Title: Watched by a Legend

She has attracted the attention of the legend Piaro. He has given her private lessons under the guise of military training. The rise in stats is very large and it is highly possible to acquire new skills.

Strength: 630 (▲)   Stamina: 331 (▲)

Agility: 655 (▲) Intelligence: 99 (▲)

Belief: 10

Skills: Beginner Bow Mastery (F), Beginner Shield Mastery (F), Intermediate Sword Mastery (D), Farming (B), Prestigious Pedigree (A), Life Saving Sword (S)

In the days when Reidan was called the second capital, Karin was born the daughter of Reidan’s greatest warrior. She trained in swordsmanship for a long time and dreamed of becoming a knight like her brothers.

But 10 years ago, Reidan became a desert, and her dreams were shattered. She lost her father to the monsters that constantly appeared, and her brothers disappeared in the vampire cities. Their status was unclear and her family fell.

No, it is correct to say that all of Reidan fell. Since then, Karin has been living every day waiting for her brothers to return. She is truly grateful to Duke Grid for restoring Reidan and giving her time to wait for her brothers.

She even abandoned her sex in order to do her best as a soldier.

 

Grid trembled.

“It’s really amazing.”

A named NPC with no limit on how their stats could increase. It was very difficult to build a relationship with these people. He heard it was more likely to win the lottery. However, named NPCs kept appearing around Grid.

‘My luck is getting stronger!’

Grid thought this, but it was hard to see it simply as luck. It was simple when considering Grid’s current status. A legendary blacksmith and duke of a kingdom. The number of people he had was still small, but he had unshakable power. It was natural for talent to gather around this power.

“But to think she was a woman.”

She was quite pretty. Her skin was rough and her hair was short, but her thick lips and long eyelashes were attractive.

“Woman?”

Piaro expressed doubts about Grid’s words. Woman? Royman? That excellent soldier? It was ridiculous. It was the moment Grid was about to explain to the disbelieving Piaro.

“Right? She is…”

“Duke Grid!”

Royman fell to her knees. She looked up at Grid with mournful eyes.

“I am a man! My dream is to become a knight and then a soldier, becoming a good man at your side!”

“…”

So please keep this a secret. Grid understood the implications.

“It’s a joke, a joke. Rather, I have a gift for you.”

Grid opened his inventory.

In the inventory, 31 sets of ‘Mass Production Grid Set’ were listed by type. In fact, he had over 100 sets but they were left in the warehouse due to their weight. Everything he put in the warehouse were normal~rare rated.

On the other hand, the Grid sets in his inventory had an average of an epic rating.

“Now, take this.”

He gave Royman a unique rated set with the highest completion.

“U-Unbelievable.”

The duke was personally giving her battle gear? The emotional Royman accepted the battle gear. Grid looked at her tearful eyes and urged her.

“Go ahead and put it on.”

“Yes, yes!”

Royman held the Grid set in her arms and ran into the barracks. Piaro didn’t like this.

“That kid always changes his clothes secretly. It’s one of his few shortcomings.”

“…”

Grid heard that Piaro had no experience with dating. It seemed like he didn’t have a sense for women and couldn’t distinguish a man from a woman. Grid couldn’t say anything. He never would’ve thought Royman was a girl if he hadn’t checked her details.

After a moment.

“This is amazing!”

Royman ran out in grey armor made of steel and black iron.

“Is it good?”

“Not good, it’s great! I have never seen such great battle gear since I was born! Three times…! No, I feel four times stronger!”

“That is being overgeared.”

“Overgeared…! I don’t know what that means, but it’s really amazing!”

Royman’s tone kept rising due to her excitement. She couldn’t hide her female tone and Piaro frowned. Piaro determined that it was a top priority to raise Royman’s masculinity.

“If you are four time stronger, the intensity of your training should be increased by four times.”

“Huh? A-Are you serious?”

“Have I ever spoken in vain?”

“…”

She was already working twice as hard as other soldiers and even had to do field work at dawn, now she was going to get more training? And by four times? Royman couldn’t help feeling afraid. She was like a frightened puppy.

However, Piaro had no mercy.

“Jump! Run straight up Altes Mountains!”

“A-Altes Mountains! It will take two days just getting there!”

” We will be back by tomorrow morning!

“P-Piaro!”

Piaro was full of motivation and Royman started her suffering as she began to run. There was anxiety on Grid’s face as he looked at them moving away. Thinking about it again, didn’t Royman have the Farming skill?

“Surely the special group doesn’t have something to do with farming?”

No way. He had a bad thought. Grid left this place.

At the same time, Altes Mountains.

Pahat! Pa pa pa pa pak!

Thousands of rays of light fell. Hurent and Bunny Bunny were at the forefront of the 2,000 troops that appeared.

“The great Hurent’s play, I want you to capture it on camera.”

“Hehe, please leave it to me.”

The humiliated Hurent getting revenge on Grid. As long as he recorded this clearly and broadcasted it, Bunny Bunny could become rich overnight.

‘I wish that there would be many cool scenes!’

He wanted to capture the brilliant battlefield where strong players fought and skills ran rampant. It was Bunny Bunny’s desire.

“I hope you can clear the fields here.”

“Piaro, why are you taking out a hand plow all of a sudden?”

“This is part of the training. And while doing field work, take off your armor. Feel nature with your flesh.”

“…Yes.”

The spectacular sight of Hurent and Bunny Bunny’s army appeared in the distance.