“He has a legendary class, yet he's only level 21? How can he play the game like this? Amazing. His ability to not level up is truly amazing. It's a wonder that he gained the class quest."

Yoon Sangmin didn't like Shin Youngwoo. Shin Youngwoo's game history confirmed that he was a young man with no talent at playing the game. Taking the legendary class, wasn't it like a swine obtaining a pearl? Yoon Sangmin thought it was a waste of a legendary class.

'He is a person who will never become a ranker in his entire life. Thanks to his interruption, a large amount of content regarding the legendary class is consumed. Now he's about to consume another large game content…'

Director Yoon Sangmin was sure of it. 

'Poison. This person is a deadly poison to Satisfy. Before he does more harm, we have to stop his account forever.'

But Director Yoon Sangmin didn't have the authority to manage user accounts. He had no choice but to keep his thoughts to himself. Yoon Sangmin inwardly cursed Shin Youngwoo, then he asked Choi Nahee with a serious face.

“By the way, why does the quest only have a 9% chance of succeeding? There is a 9% chance of this person rescuing Allunbatar? Nonsense. Isn't it more likely to be a 0% chance?"

The other executives agreed.

“This figure is obviously wrong.”

“That’s right. I'm sure that the supercomputer Morpheus is infected with a virus."

This quest was a failure. There was no way that a level 21 user could rescue Allunbatar. The aggressive publicity campaign was finished. Everyone thought so and was sad.

But in the midst of this, only Lim Cheolho was happy.

'The protagonist of three big events in succession… Since becoming a legendary class, he made epic rated arrows and received the class quest, so I am somehow feeling expectant towards this young man.'

To put it bluntly, it was an incompetence so beyond common sense that it was difficult to predict. Shin Youngwoo was fun to watch because he caused many variables.

Lim Cheolho was happy, regardless of the quest results. The other executives, including Park Eunhyuk and Yoon Sangmin, were upset.

***

I met Khan earlier than Huroi. I protected Khan's smithy and paid for his medical treatment. I was a great benefactor to Khan.

On the other hand, who was Huroi? He only spoke a few words to Khan.

“Then why?"

Why did Khan give him the huge 'For the Residents of Winston' quest? Meanwhile, I received a quest that would only give me 600 gold.

'Isn't it normal to give me all the quests?'

If Khan was an NPC who knew how to repay favours, he would've passed all his quests to me. But he was an ungrateful NPC. 

"Khan should repay the favor.. No, is he crazy? Anyway, I need to think about the contents of the story. If I want NPCs to listen to me, do I have to act better in the future?"

The more I thought about it, the worse I felt. 'For the Residents of Winston' was a massive quest that would control Winston's fate. It was natural for Khan to give it to the person he trusted most.

But his choice was Huroi! It meant I was worse than someone Khan had never met before!

“Why is a dog who rolled out from nowhere more credible than me…? Ugh!"

I was at a street stall near my house. I lamented about my life while pouring a shot of bitter shochu into my mouth. (Shochu is a Japanese alcoholic drink.)

My limit was originally one and a half bottles of shochu, but I was so disappointed in Khan and jealous of the jerk that I drank too much.

"Kuaaah~!"

I emptied my third bottle of shochu. My heart still wasn't soothed and I felt like crying.

The more I thought about it, the more hateful Khan was. I truly believed that we had become sincere friends during the time I spent with him, but Khan thought differently. Khan didn't believe in me.

"Why didn't he trust me, giving a good quest to that other guy instead? Why…why? Damnnn!"

Anyway, tomorrow it would start raining for three days. I didn't need to worry about going to work during that time.

I called out for the stall owner in a loud voice.

"Ajumma." 

The middle-aged woman cutting the was surprised by my call and flinched. I was able to notice that the woman's eyes shook slightly as she met my gaze.

‘…Is my charm maximized by the lonely aura that I am emitting?'

The loneliness in my eyes was like a blizzard on Mount Everest. Looking at those quivering eyes, the middle-aged woman seemed to be confused about being attracted to a young man around her son's age.

'I am such a sinful man…'

I felt sorry to the middle-aged woman, but I had no interest in her. Especially if the other person was a married woman.

'I can't break apart a family.'

I cut to the chase so that the woman wouldn't have any expectations.

"One more bottle of shochu. Can I also get a refill of the fish soup? Don't forget to put a piece of radish in the fish soup as a service…"

Kwaang!

The middle-aged woman plugged the knives she was holding into the chopping block. Then she pointed at me and shouted.

"You are really too much! I don't care about the three bottles of shochu, but I already said that I won't refill the fish soup after the 9th time! Furthermore, you ask for a service every time! The total value is more than the alcohol you're drinking. How can a young man have no shame?"

“…You are very inhospitable. At the very least, you should serve your customers fish soup… This world is once again causing me great disappointment. Yes, just like Khan."

"What are you saying? I can't afford to give you any more free refills!"

The owner was stubborn. My plan to fill my stomach with fish soup was in vain. 

"It is time to say goodbye and return to cruel reality…"

I gave up asking for more refills and stood up. I placed the money for the drinks on the table, said goodbye to the owner and left the stall. As I walked on in a lonely mood, an angry voice was heard from behind me.

“Hey, Young Man! You are lacking 1,000 won! Give me 1,000 won!"

Ah, I counted the money wrongly due to being drunk.  Then let's try.

'This is a chance to save 1,000 won!'

In the past, I never felt like saving money. But now I was debt-ridden, so the spirit of saving was unavoidable. As the number of conservative young people grew, the future of South Korea would become brighter. For the sake of my spirit of saving and Korea's future, I needed to avoid paying this 1,000 won.

‘…No, no matter how drunk I am, I can't run away. I was caught on security camera and will probably be brought to the police station.'

Wouldn't it be shameful to be placed behind bars over 1,000 won? I turned around and handed a 1,000 won bill to the middle-aged woman.

"If I was a common person of this modern society, I would've run away without paying this 1,000 won. But I returned to pay the 1,000 won. Isn't it wonderful?"

“…Don't most people act like this?"

"That…you aren't aware of the world. Do you know how many immoral people there are these days? People like me are rare!"

"R-Really? I understand. I understand already, so you should go home. You are drunk."

“Uhuh! Ajumma! Do you know how bleak my heart is? You should pack some fish soup for a young man who is nice enough to pay the 1,000 won in this chilly weather."

"…"

The middle-aged woman returned to her stall without saying anything else. I waited for her to come out again with fish soup, but she didn't return after 5, then 10 minutes.

"Haha… Once again, I have been betrayed. Both NPCs and people betray my faith!"

Yes, this was a bitter world. I went back home while realizing that I was alone in this world. 

***

"You should contact me if you are returning late! Do you know what time it is now?"

It was one in the morning. As soon as I returned home, I was disturbed by Sehee who was watching TV in the living room.

"Have you been drinking until now? Oppa doesn't have a girlfriend or friends. Then why? Don't tell me you were drinking alone? Aren't you embarrassed?"

"…Hey, you have school tomorrow, so why aren't you asleep yet?"

"I was worried when a person who only spends time at work or in his capsule suddenly disappears… No, it is strange!"

"Eh? Are you concerned about me? So you waited up to this time?"

“What? Who was waiting? I-I was just watching a fun TV program and couldn't go sleep."

"Then why are you so mad? You face is red as well. What did I do wrong?"

“W-whose face is red? That is ridiculous. I'm going to sleep now!"

Kwang!

Sehee turned and entered her room.

"Phew, teenage girls are really difficult."

Sehee's loud voice had broken my drunken haze. I once again became mad about missing out on the 'For the Residents of Winston' quest.

"Damn, I'm going to sleep quickly."

Then Sehee left her room again. She approached me and started nagging. "You should brush your teeth and scrub your feet. You are drunk, so don't take a shower. Well, I never expected you to take a shower because you're not the type to shower every day."

"…Aren't you sleeping?"

"I am going to drink some water before sleeping."

"Then go and drink water. Good night."

Sehee headed towards the kitchen while I went into the bathroom.

"I'm not a child who needs to brush their teeth more than once a day."

In rare cases, I did it three times a day. I stopped trying to place toothpaste on my toothbrush. I drank so much that my eyes kept closing.

"I won't die if I don't brush for a day…"

In the end, I just washed my hands and left the bathroom. Then I went straight to my room. Sehee sounded like she was screaming outside my room, but I didn't worry about it and went to sleep.

The day was over.