The 31 year old Kim Doohyun.

Korea’s top star had an outstanding appearance and a proven performance in Hollywood. Despite his busy schedule, he steadily played Satisfy and finally arrived at the desert city of Reidan.

“How exciting.”

Kim Doohyun, who only just reached level 197, ‘Nyangmong’ was deeply moved. It was hard to cross the scorching desert that contained powerful monsters.

‘If I was a normal class user, I would’ve never been able to make it through the desert.’

Nyangmong was a pet master. As a unique class, he possessed useful skills and it couldn’t be denied that he was a master of solo play.

An average person could have three pets, but he could have nine. He could even temporarily make monsters friendly, so the monsters in the desert might be strong, but they couldn’t block his way.

However, they were nothing in front of some farmers.

‘It is immensely large.’

Outside Reidan. Vast rice fields stretched out from the outer walls into the horizon.

‘Grid is the owner of this big city. A duke’s authority is beyond my imagination.’

Indeed, there was something admirable about someone who was the best in their field. He could feel how great Grid truly was.

‘He must’ve worked hard in order to climb up to his present place.’

Nyangmong had also undergone countless trials in order to become a top star. Therefore, he had a shallow idea of Grid’s life. Grid might be younger than him, but it was respectable, regardless of age.

Step, step.

His footsteps were light as he walked through the rice fields. He hummed as he thought about soon being able to meet Noe. A farmer blocked his cheerful humming.

“Who are you?”

“…?”

Nyangmong was just walking along. He couldn’t think of anything in his behavior that would’ve caused wariness. Then why was this person blocking the road? Nyangmong was confused by the farmer’s question.

“I am called Nyangmong…”

The farmer closely observed Nyangmong. To be precise, he looked at the nine pets following Nyangmong. It was surprising that the various pets were showing absolute loyalty and affection towards Nyangmong.

“I covet your talent. The giant oaks can be used for farming.”

“…?”

Farming? It was strange that a farmer would say that to someone passing by. That’s right. Nyangmong didn’t know about the crazy farmer of Reidan. He had a busy schedule and played Satisy whenever he was free, so he couldn’t watch TV.

“I’m not a farmer. Please open the path. I have to go to Reidan.”

“You aren’t permitted to enter Reidan without my permission.”

“Why? Are you the owner of this land?”

“The owner of this land is Duke Grid.”

“Then why should I get your permission?”

“It’s my heart.”

‘Is he crazy?’

Nyangmong seriously felt doubts. He felt like there was nothing good about the farmer in front of him. The farmer caught up to him while he was trying to run away.

After a while. Nyangmong and his lovely nine pets were brutally destroyed by the farmer. From Nyangmong’s standpoint, it was truly absurd and unreasonable.

–G-Grid, I finally arrived in Reidan. But I was caught by a mad farmer and forced to become a serf. Help me…

 

[The other person is in a place where they can’t receive whispers.]

 

–Ruby, help me…

 

[The other person isn’t connected to the game.]

 

“…”

“Follow me.”

It was the day when the professional cattle man was born in Reidan. As a unique class, his abilities were excellent. Reidan’s agriculture was becoming stronger day by day. Nyangmong also became stronger. He was still inadequate to join Overgeared, but he grew rapidly thanks to the ‘★Hidden Quest★ Fun and Exciting Training!’ 

 

***

[You have entered the 11th island.]

 

He disabled the lightning storm by making a huge lightning rod. Grid broke through the notorious tenth island in a smart manner, but he was still restless.

‘Other blacksmiths could’ve come up with the same idea as me.’

He wasn’t special. He repeated that painful truth many times. But it was also encouraging. He had managed to think about a way to break through compared to the old days when he couldn’t think of ideas by himself.

‘Yes, let’s grow slowly.’

Grid’s eyes filled with an emotion he didn’t have in the past. It was a phenomenon where he became aware of his lack of talent and tried to become wiser.

‘Somehow, my head is clear.’

It was the moment when his way of thinking started to expand. Now Grid was evolving. It wasn’t a cataclysmic thing. It was the fruit of his steady progress over the past two years as Pagma’s Descendant.

Was this impossible? No, it was possible. Grid wasn’t dull-witted. Every human was able to broaden their thoughts and knowledge through learning, experience, and self-reflection. Grid was the same.

“That reminds me.”

Was it because his thinking ability was higher than before? Grid had a new question.

‘What’s on the last island?’

The reason why Grid visited the Behen Archipelago was to meet Sage Sticks, but the ultimate content of the archipelago wasn’t Sticks. Sticks was located on the 25~29th islands. Not the last island. 

In other words, what was on the 66th island and why did the Behen Archipelago called them ‘challengers?’ With the benefit of hindsight, he noticed the name ‘Challenger Point.’

“It’s a question that can be resolved when I meet Sticks.”

It was foolish to waste his thoughts on meaningless things that he couldn’t figure out alone. Once he met Sticks, he would obtain the way to the East Continent was well as figure out what was on the 66th island. He should directly ask Sticks any questions he had.

A notification window popped up in front of Grid.

 

[A mission will be created.]

[11th Island]

Defeat the lizardwoman!

First Clear Reward: 36 Challenger Points.

[The mission will start 30 minutes from now.]

 

Lizardwoman. The lizardwoman was the boss monster that lizardmen served, and her value was quite high. The reason was that she dropped the Pink Leather necessary for making the finest leather armor.

“Hrmm.”

Grid had a chance to raid the lizardwoman, which was difficult to see easily, but he didn’t show much inspiration. Was it because he didn’t know the value of pink leather? No, that wasn’t it. Grid also knew about the value of the pink leather. He’d even dealt with it directly. Every time Faker asked Grid to make him an item, pink leather was needed.

The reason why Grid didn’t show any inspiration was because based on previous experience, the monsters of the Behen Archipelago didn’t drop any items. That’s right. The monsters that emerged on the Behen Archipelago was merely a collection of experience.

It was disappointing, but Grid didn’t mind. The reason he first visited the Behen Archipelago wasn’t to obtain items, but to meet Sticks. He just had to move forward.

Grid used Fly and observed the location of the lizardmen village from the sky. It was a large village with 207 huts that could accommodate a few lizardmen at once. Grid was able to roughly guess the number of lizardmen, and he continued to observe the village to point out the important areas.

‘There are three ponds.’

He calculated all the variables involved in hunting a powerful lizardwoman and a large number of lizardmen.

Ttang! Ttang! Ttang!

Grid moved hastily to take advantage of his 30 minute preparation time, taking out his blast furnace and smelting iron. He made a large iron plate that was over 20m in diameter. An ordinary blacksmith would need several hours to spread the iron so much. But Grid was a legendary blacksmith. He even had the four God Hands.

Ttang! Ttang!

Grid and the God Hands hammered at the iron plate. After a while, he completed three iron plates and moved to the lizardman’s village again. His timing was perfect as the notification window popped up.

 

[The mission has started!]

 

At the same time, lizardmen popped out of the 297 huts. There was close to 1,000 of them. Grid witnessed the sight and shouted.

“Noe, Randy! Help the God Hands cover the pond with these plates! I will cover you!”

“I understand, Grid.”

“Nyahahat! Master, believe in me!” Nyang!”

Kwa kwa kwa kwang!

Pagma’s Swordsmanship, Transcend flew towards the lizardmen on the path towards the pond. Some of the lizardmen hurriedly raised their shields to save their lives, but others were sliced apart.

Kieek!

Kyaack!

The screams of the lizardmen filled the village as blood splattered. But there were too many lizardmen. Grid didn’t rest as he wielded his two greatswords, but the number of enemies didn’t decrease.

Chaaeng!

The lizardmen narrowed the distance to Grid, who kept attacking.

Huuuuuuong!

The God Hands, Noe, and Randy finally blocked the three ponds with the iron plates.

Kik?

The lizardmen were amazed by the sound of iron plates falling. The ponds that amplified their strengths were hidden. That’s right. The lizardmen were monsters who received stat bonuses from water.

“Pagma’s Swordsmanship.”

Grid was reminded of this trait when observing the village, and covered all the ponds in the village with the iron plates.

“Transcended Link!”

Kyaack!

Kieeeek!

The level of the lizardmen warriors living in the same village as the lizardwoman was quite high at 230. But they didn’t receive any stat bonuses, making it hard to endure Grid’s attacks. Their shields were also useless. Grid used his most powerful skills with the +8 Grid’s Greatsword, before handing it to the God Hands.

Then he took out Iyarugt and cut at the lizardmen with Noe and Randy.

Kyaaaak!

The lizardwoman grasped the situation and came out with a roar. She was quite strong as a level 300 field boss, but it was lacking compared to Hell Gao and Elfin Stone, and Grid was stronger than ever.

The 11th island was easily cleared and Grid continued up to the 20th island. However, the 20th island was different. Thousands of eyes floated in a huge circle in the sky like a sun, watching Grid. He couldn’t help gulping at the sight.