Hell Sword.

It was a conditional activation skill attached to Iyarugt, and the power was great. It was comparable to the legendary skill, Pagma’s Swordsmanship. If he analyzed it in detail, it overwhelmed the power of Kill Lv. 4.

 

[Hell Sword]

Inflicts 2,400% physical attack power to the target.

Every time the target is hit, an addition 100% damage will be dealt.

Mana Consumption: 1,000

Skill Cooldown Time: 15 minutes.

 

Chiiiiing!

Iyarugt was combined with Failure. 

Pachik!

Pachichik!

Black sparks rose around Iyarugt. A crescent shaped line was drawn. It was a bisection.

Sakak-!

“…!”

Tiramet was slashed from the crown of the head to the crotch. A total of 24 black rays gathered around him, making him unable to scream. Grid moved and controlled everything.

‘One.’

Peng!

‘Two.’

Pepeng!

‘Three.’

Peeng!

He manipulated the direction by moving his fingers. Of the 24 rays, only three managed to hit Tiramet. The remaining 21 ceased to exist after the one second time limit.

‘It’s too hard.’

He couldn’t adapt to the continuous command input. It was complicated and the time was too short. It wasn’t something he could adapt to after one or two times.

‘If I knew, I would’ve gone to the game room more often when I was young…’

He wasted his time sitting at a desk and studying. In the corner of Grid’s field of view, the notification windows were being updated sequentially.

 

[Critical!]

[You have dealt 1,229,112 damage to the target.]

[Health has been absorbed due to the option effect of Iyarugt’s Ring.]

[You have dealt 17,071 damage to the target.]

[You have dealt 17,071 damage to the target.]

[Critical!]

[You have dealt 51,213 damage to the target.]

[The duration of Blacksmith’s Rage is over.]

 

After Hell Sword, he followed it with the combo of Transcended Link, Linked Kill, Link, Kill, Pinnacle, and Revolve. He even used Item Combination and Blackening. At this point, Grid was betting on Tiramet’s end.

‘He shouldn’t still be alive.’

He used all his strength against Tiramet from the beginning. He only had 33 mana left after using his strongest skills in succession. What if Tiramet survived? Grid would be forced on the defensive until the mana potions and skills cooldown ended.

But that wouldn’t happen.

‘Hell Gao with one fire stone obtained wouldn’t be able to withstand this combo…’

“What?”

Grid’s expression stiffened.

‘Why isn’t he dead?’

He didn’t receive any messages about Tiramet’s death, or the experience and items obtained. Grid stayed alert.

“…Ahh, yes, yes. This is why Elfin Stone suffered.”

Tiramet opened his mouth while his heath gauge was completely exhausted.

“It’s because his body is weak, unlike me.”

‘What?’

Grid was baffled about why this guy didn’t die. Tiramet’s body was torn like a rag, but magic power rose around him like a rag.

“Among my siblings, I am weak in magic. Unlike my other siblings, I can’t use magic effectively. But instead…”

“…!”

Grid’s eyes widened. It was because the black magic power around Tiramet completely restored his body.

“I have the ability to focus my magic power on regeneration. It’s the perfect immortality.”

Tiramet laughed, revealing pointed teeth.

“Now, let’s start again.”

Cheok!

Tiramet took a fighting stance. He was like a skillful martial artist. Yes, it was a form that was reminiscent of Regas. It reflected the will to not be caught by surprise anymore.

“For reference, I become stronger every time I half die and revive.”

Peeeong!

Tiramet moved one foot and swung his fist, causing magic power and wind pressure to explode at the same time. It was a combination of magic damage and physical damage.

‘This is a viscount?’

Apart from the tremendous attack power, his speed was also faster. Grid called the God Hands and took an active defense. It would be enough until the mana potions and skills cooldown ended.

But Tiramet’s stats were significantly higher than before. It was difficult for Grid, who couldn’t use a single skill.

Jjejeong! Jjeejeeeong!

As the number of Tiramet’s kicks and punches increased, the intervals at which the God Hands stiffened became shorter. Grid realized that the God Hands would soon be neutralized.

‘It is bad for me.’

In the case of Elfin Stone who used Blood Field, he was skilled in CC and magic, but his physical ability itself wasn’t special. Elfin Stone was unable to exert a great deal of force against Grid, who could neutralize CC and a few spells. Tiramet was the opposite case. He was a difficult opponent for Grid to take advantage of, since he depended on physical skills. 

‘In the first place, his revival ability is ridiculous.’

Grid was foolish to use the strongest skill combo to end it quickly. If he hadn’t grown, he would’ve fallen into disarray and chaos.

Pepeng!

Pepepepeng!

As Grid looked worse, Tiramet’s momentum rose. The speed at which he wielded his fists and feet gradually rose. Grid tried to block but there was no escape.

“I’m not a viscount because I’m weaker than Elfin Stone. I just don’t want to be annoyed by the responsibilities.”

Taack!

Grid started relying on the Divine Shield.

Tiramet used the shield as a springboard and spun like a drill as he fell. The magic power concentrated on his toes caused a tornado, causing the area to be affected by the aftermath of the intense aura.

‘It’s no use.’

Grid judged and took evasive action, but it was impossible to escape from Tiramet. It was because the duration of Quick Movements was over.

“Hahahahat! Yes, you humans are best suited to being on the ground!”

Tiramet’s feet crushed Grid’s shoulders.

Kwaaaaang!

“Kuaaaaak!”

Grid let out a terrible scream. Tiramet grabbed Grid’s head and whispered in a grim voice.

“I will break you from now on.” 

Chaaeng!

Tiremet’s knee struck Grid’s face.

Jjang!

The second blow.

Jjejejeok!

Three blows in a row.

Yura screamed as blood scattered from Grid’s head.

“Grid!”

 

***

[Mana has been consumed to refine the ‘Extinction Bullet’.]

[Your magic gun doesn’t support rifle mode. There is a very high probability of a misfire.]

[The Extinction Bullet has failed to launch properly.]

[The durability of the Emilfa Magic Gun has fallen by 95. It might be destroyed.]

[Mana has been consumed to use the ‘Vindictive Sword’.]

[Your magic gun doesn’t support bayonet mode. There is a very high probability that Vindictive Sword won’t manifest.]

[Vindictive Sword has failed to be activated.]

[The durability of the Emilfa Magic Sword has fallen to 0 and it has been destroyed!]

[Destroyed items can’t be recovered!]

 

Demon Slayer Yura was still unable to exert her full strength. Was it because she failed to complete her class quest? That’s right. Was it because her stats hadn’t gone through the third awakening? That was also right.

But the most important reason was that her magic weapon was only level 180. A magic engineering gun. For convenience, the magic gun was a weapon that could only be produced at an alchemist’s facility.

In fact, magic guns produced by the alchemy facilities were merely unfinished products. Human alchemists only grasped the approximately working principles of a magic gun, but they didn’t yet understand the exact structure. The true magic guns that supported pistol mode, rifle mode, and bayonet mode could only be made by dwarves.

However, Yura was blocked from proceeding with her class quest and was unable to enter the dwarf city of Talima.

“Grid…!”

The only man who stirred her heart. Yura felt grief about not being able to do anything, despite him being trampled on. Yura’s chest ached.

‘Why are you doing this for me?’

Why did he have to sacrifice himself? She felt sorry for Grid and hated her own helplessness.

‘I have to save him somehow.’

She tried to use her strongest skills, only for her weapon to be destroyed. Yura urgently armed herself with her secondary weapon, the level 120 Rianfa Magic Gun, and rushed to Tiramet. She felt gratitude and guilt to Grid, as well as her own pride. The combination of emotions linked together to make her behave that way.

“You have forgotten your opponent…!”

Stop! Yura shouted at Tiramet and pointed the muzzle, only to stop. It was because she heard Grid’s voice.

“Relax. I’m okay.”

“…Grid?”

The voice was too good for a dying person caught by Tiramet. His voice came from a strange location. Tiramet jumped with surprise.

“A fake?”

That’s right. The Grid beaten up by Tiramet was Randy, not the real body. Grid fell from above Tiramet’s head. It was the moment when Randy’s new skill, after achieving level 200 in the Behen Archipelago, ‘Change position with the copied target’ was used to great effect.

“These people swapped…!”

“Kill!”

Puok!

“Kuaaaaak!”

Tiramet cried out with pain after Iyarugt’s head was pierced. However, it was too much to say that Grid would win. Grid was still lacking mana and the cooldown of other skills hadn’t come back in full.

Furthermore.

‘What if I pour everything into it and he doesn’t die?’

It was the worst. Then it would really be over.

‘There is the possibility that the boss can’t be defeated until certain conditions are met.’

Grid suggested to Yura.

“Let’s run away.”

But Yura’s opinion was different. She felt relief when she realized that Grid was safe, and regained her cool head. She figured out a way to kill Tiramet with her brains.

“There is a wound where he was hit by a former Demon Slayer.”

Why didn’t the wound heal despite her overwhelming regenerative power? The answer was likely to be in the class called Demon Slayer.

“Maybe I’m the only one who can kill him.”

It was a rational judgment. Someone clapped at her judgment. It was Sticks. He was watching the battle from outside the area and he grinned at Yura.

“It’s the correct conclusion.”

“You…?”

It was the first time that Yura had seen an elf. She was confused for a while and realized.

“Grid, did you manage to come here with his help?”

Grid nodded.

“That’s right. The hidden sage, Sticks.”

Sticks handed a small box to Yura.

“This is the gun that Alex used in his youth.”

Alex. A former Demon Slayer and a man who was a close friend of Sticks. Grid, who was barely maintaining his composure, snapped out.

“You don’t have any items that Pagma used in his youth?”

“No, I wasn’t close to Pagma.”

Sticks replied firmly. Grid thought it was unfair.

 

***

Damian, who had been staying in Reidan for a month.

He was having a lot of fun. Was he watching the construction process of the temple? That was secondary.

Lord Steim. It was a lot of fun to play with Grid’s son.

“You already understand the principles to manifesting divine power. Lord isn’t just a genius, but a super genius.”

“Bubu!”

Lord nodded proudly as a warm ray of light poured out from his fingertips. It was a feeble light, but considering that he had only be training for a month, Lord really was a genius. He understood whatever was taught, so Damian felt a sense of fulfillment.

“You can use divine power to protect your friends and easily deal with demonkin. For example, the vampires.”

Damian was intent on teaching Lord.

Kasim and the Silver Dragons assassins hiding in the darkness were guarding Lord’s back.