The influence of the 1st National Competition was enormous. The average worldwide ratings surpassed 63%, overwhelming the audience of existing competitions like the Olympics and the World Cup.

It was a natural phenomenon. The number of people who played Satisfy or engaged in Satisfy related businesses was in the billions.

“I read an article about the economic effects of the National Competition.”

S.A. Group’s director of operations, Yoon Sangmin. He was directly facing Shin Youngwoo, one of the busiest people in the world.

“The S.A. Group really appreciates the possibility of developing the National Competition. We want to broaden the influence of the National Competition every year, and have decided to make a biggest investment.”

Cafe XX in Geumcheon-gu.

Shin Youngwoo drank coffee while listening to the story and Yoon Sangmin smiled confidently at him.

“We will be offering unparalleled benefits to the participants of the National Competition compared to last year.”

In other words.

“You want to convince me, Shin Youngwoo, to participate in the 2nd National Competition.” Youngwoo opened his mouth for the first time. “Please persuade me.”

He finally showed some interest. Yoon Sangmin was relieved and started the briefing.

“It’s simple. We will increase the value of each medal.”

The value of the medals wasn’t high in the 1st National Competition. The governments just paid the medalists a prize money.

“But from the 2nd National Competition onwards, the S.A. Group will also give a reward. We will give special items to the medalists.”

“What is the performance of the items?”

Grid didn’t have high expectations. He thought it would be an epic~ unique rated accessory. But Yoon Sangmin’s reply was unbelievable.

“Since Pagma’s Descendant is in the blacksmith category… You will be able to acquire the god mineral adamantium. The more high value medals you get, the more adamantium you can obtain.”

“!!!!”

Grid’s eyes widened. Adamantium! As the best mineral in the world, it didn’t have a will, but its performance was comparable to pavranium. Adamantium was also the material of the Holy Light Set, which Pagma had produced in the past.

‘I’m not sure how to obtain it.’

As long as he could secure adamantium, he would be able to design more diverse and powerful items. It was a reward that he couldn’t miss. Yoon Sangmin watched Shin Youngwoo shake and gave a meaningful smile.

‘A small provocation is needed.’

Yoon Sangmin had been observing Shin Youngwoo for almost a year. He knew how to handle Shin Youngwoo.

“Of course, gaining medals won’t be an easy task. The 2nd National Competition is a lot different from the 1st National Competition. It is virtually impossible for South Korea, a country weak in Satisfy, to aim for a medal.”

“…”

Shin Youngwoo’s eyes turned cold.

Himself, Yura, and Peak Sword. The strongest members of Overgeared were gathered in South Korea, yet it was still classified as weak? He couldn’t tolerate it. Rather than patriotism, his self-esteem was leader of Overgeared was stimulated.

The Shin Youngwoo of the past would’ve declared that he would participate in the 2nd National Competition right now. But.

‘There is a reason why I didn’t put my name on the participants list until the last moment.’

In the 1st National Competition, Shin Youngwoo won three gold medals and placed South Korea third in the overall rankings. The world was paying attention to what he would do in the 2nd National Competition. In other words, Shin Youngwoo was a ‘symbol’ of the National Competition.

‘Lauel gave me advice.’

Ask to be treated as a symbol. South Korea and the S.A. Group would do their best to contact him, so please stand firmly.

“Director Yoon, let’s clean this up.”

“…?”

Shin Youngwoo’s expression and tone were completely calm, unlike what he expected. Yoon Sangmin felt surprised, but he was a talented person who became a big business executive at a young age. He didn’t reveal his psychological state.

“Speak.”

Director Yoon Sangmin said with a smile.

“Give permission for the Overgeared Guild to do the opening for the National Competition.”

Shin Youngwoo made a ridiculous demand. He wanted them to hand over the opening of the event, which would be watched by billions of people, to specific users? This was going too far! If Shin Youngwoo was an ordinary ranker, Yoon Sangmin would’ve scoffed and left.

But Shin Youngwoo was a person whose personality and intelligence developed through Satisfy. Shin Youngwoo was a good example of Satisfy, so Yoon Sangmin listened to him.

“What’s the reason for your absurd request?”

“Guild promotion.”

“Huh? Guild promotion?”

He was going to use the opening that billions of people would watch in order to promote the guild? 

“Doesn’t Overgeared already have a reputation as one of the best guilds? I don’t think you need marketing.”

“The issue is that we are one of the best guilds. Overgeared should be a unique and exclusive guild.”

Right now, Shin Youngwoo was representing Lauel’s opinion. In Satisfy, the ultimate content was to have a kingdom. 

In the first place, Overgeared was an organization designed to make Youngwoo king. In order to build and defend a kingdom, they needed to have strong national power. And in order to advance, they needed to prevent the invasion of foreign powers.

There were many forces beside the seven guilds that could threaten them. The opening of the National Competition was a means to show off the majesty of Overgeared and to deter the ambitions of others.

Lauel was hovering around Youngwoo’s head. Was this being too serious towards a game? This question was funny. Satisfy was a huge ‘cash’ game. If he set up a kingdom, he could accumulate wealth beyond imagination. It was natural to be serious.

‘Soccer players and basketball players, sports which are less popular than Satisfy, are earning hundreds of billions of won a year.’

It was reasonable for Satisfy players to sit on a pile of money.

 

***

The opening of the 2nd National Competition was to provide a spectacular sight.

Against the backdrop of Paris, France, seven players representing each country formed a group and acted out a specific situation. The overwhelming CG and story stimulated the people of the world, while the world’s best rock band celebrated their 30th anniversary by singing the opening song.

The opening that S.A. Group’s marketing team planned. It was cancelled.

S.A. Group’s executives. Several dozens executives gathered together with Chairman Lim Cheolho.

“The opening that Grid proposed isn’t bad.”

“In the first place, the opening that our marketing team produced was vague when it came to the order of appearance for each country.”

It was because the venue was Paris, so the French team should being the opening. However, the United States was ranked 1st in the 1st National Competition.

“The order of the appearance of Grid, who won three gold models with his own strength, was also vague.”

However, Grid’s opening was different. Rather than emphasizing the nationality of the National Competition, the focus was on individual traits and Grid could clearly be called the symbol of the National Competition.

Of course, the intentions were impure. Of the 224 National Competition participants, 43 of them belonged to Overgeared. Those people would do the opening with Grid. It was like a promotional video for Overgeared.

There was resistance.

“There are already rumors that our group is supporting the Korean rankers like Grid and Yura. This will just give the media around the world an excuse to latch onto.”

“The purpose of the National Competition is to turn Satisfy into a sport. The aim is to encourage the people of each country to immerse themselves in the game while cheering on their teams. We should focus on the countries, rather than individuals.”

There was a debate. But it eventually tilted to one side. It was due to Yoon Sang-min’s remark.

“Grid has declared that he won’t participate in the National Competition unless he’s given the right to direct the opening.”

He played a dominant role in the 1st National Competition and later on in Satisfy, the main character who constantly raised a topic. If the best star of Satisfy didn’t participate in the National Competition, it was inevitable that the popularity would drop.

“It’s a problem that we can afford. Whether or not Grid participates in the National Competition, the average audience rating is likely to be no different from last year.”

Nevertheless, there was a separate reason for Yoon Sangmin and some executives to stick to Grid.

“But the story changes with Kraugel.”

The 1st ranked Kraugel. His popularity was higher than Grid, and he had the title of sky above the sky. His fans were at the level of fanatics. Unfortunately, he never once made a public appearance.

However.

“If Grid competes in the National Competition, Kraugel will also participate.”

Humans with the word ‘best’ attached to them had something in common. Their pride was huge. Kraugel wanted to face Grid on the world stage of the National Competition.

“If Kraugel participates in the National Competition, the power of the 2nd National Competition will overwhelm the first one.”

“…”

There wasn’t a single executive who denied Yoon Sangmin’s words.

It was decided.

 

***

『 The 2nd National Competition will take place in 43 days! Kraugel, Grid, Zibal, and Chris will be participating, as well as many more countries than the 1st National Competition’… 』

『 A total of 32 countries are participating in the 2nd National Competition, and the events are open to the public. Compared with the 1st National Competition… 』

『 Today, when the 2nd National Competition is 42 days away, the opening video was released through the Internet and worldwide broadcasters! 』

『 The opening video, which is causing hot repercussions through the public, is well received because it expresses the characteristics of each player representing the countries. But at the same time, it is also being criticized. 』

『 The title is called the National Competition, yet it is more focused on the participants than the countries. But… 』

『 This brilliant video that lasts 4 minutes and 31 seconds is enough to make everyone’s heart beat faster. 』

It started with the thrilling performance of the rock band, which had been popular for 30 years.

Syuong~

A red meteor flew across the dark blue sky.

Peeng!

The camera shook with distant explosions.

Ssik.

A black haired and white skinned man filled the screen. It was Grid’s Blackening state. The camera rapidly rotated around him, revealing the members of Overgeared. The viewers cheered as Yura and Jishuka, dressed more beautifully than ever, appeared behind Grid’s shoulders.

After that, it showed players from various countries, including Zibal and Chris. Before they knew it, the camera reached someone staring up at the red comet. The man had a neat beauty that couldn’t be believed, the sky above the sky, Kraugel.

The lone Kraugel and Grid, with 42 colleagues, exchanged a glance.