What items should he make in order to quickly raise the level of Bow Mastery? Grid listened to Khan and Piaro’s advice and came to a conclusion.

‘I have to make a bow that is hard to handle.’

If a weapon was used in the worst condition, the faster the skill proficiency would go up! Grid look at his list of item production methods. Grid received the commission of items from the Overgeared members, so there were already hundreds of items in his items production method list.

“Hrmm.”

The bow production methods that Jishuka collected with much difficulty. Among them, Grid looked at the ones with the highest level limit.

‘The fire attribute bows that Jishuka favors aren’t compatible with me.’

Grid didn’t have any fire related skills. He avoided the bows that strengthened the fire attribute instead of the basic performance.

‘Pass on the greatbow.’

Its speed was slow, but it had high accuracy rate and attack power. The problem was that the accuracy was high. Grid wanted to produce a bow that had bad conditions.

‘I need a low accuracy.’

It was an obvious story, but Grid always tried to make the best items. He never had the experience of making failed items. Was that why?

Ssik!

Grid was having a lot of fun at this moment. It was fun to think differently about items with disadvantages, rather than advantages.

‘People troll for a reason.’

Grid realized this as he looked at two production methods.

 

[Pattern: Angel Bow]

Rating: Rare ~ Unique

Rare Rating Information:

Attack Power: 230~249  Firing Speed: +13%

* When an arrow hits the target three times in a row, 150% additional damage will be done.

Epic Rating Information:

Attack Power: 269~280  Firing Speed: +17%

* When an arrow hits the target three times in a row, 200% additional damage will be done.

* There is a 10% chance that the target will fall into the ‘bewitched’ state.

Unique Rating Information:

Attack Power: 300~334  Firing Speed: +21%

* When an arrow hits the target three times in a row, 300% additional damage will be done.

* There is a 20% chance that the target will fall into the ‘bewitched’ state.

A beautiful bow with both ends of the bow spread like the wings of an angel.

Every time an arrow is shot, it feels deceptive because the white feathers are blurred.

User Restriction: Level 300 or higher. Advanced Bow Mastery level 2 or higher.

 

[Pattern: Quick Fire Bow]

Rating: Rare ~ Unique

Rare Rating Information:

Attack Power: 210~228  Firing Speed: +16%

* Every time you shoot an arrow, the firing speed will increase by 1%. This effect will only be applied up to 50%.

Epic Rating Information:

Attack Power: 230~250  Firing Speed: +19%

* Every time you shoot an arrow, the firing speed will increase by 1%. This effect will only be applied up to 55%.

Unique Rating Information:

Attack Power: 253~280  Firing Speed: +25%

* Every time you shoot an arrow, the firing speed will increase by 1%. This effect will only be applied up to 60%.

A bow with a resilient bowstring.

It is optimized for fast shooting.

User Restriction: Level 300 or higher. Advanced Bow Mastery level 2 or higher.

 

‘I will make the Quick Fire Bow.’

The basic conditions for raising the mastery level was to use it quickly. The faster the firing speed, the better it was for Grid. Grid settled in front of a furnace.

Hwaruruk!

The perfect senses of a legendary blacksmith controlled the furnace’s temperature to the ideal level.

Ttang! Ttang!

He perfectly controlled the power at which he hammered at the molten metal.

“Ohhh!”

“Duke Grid!”

The young blacksmiths in the smithy admired it. Grid’s skill was amazing every time they saw it. But the shape of the finished product was a bit odd.

Ttang! Ttang!

The balance of the bow made by Grid was off. To be honest, the young blacksmiths thought that the bow had a very poor quality. But wasn’t Grid a legendary blacksmith? No matter how bad the bow looked, it was made by Grid, so the young blacksmiths tried to think positively.

It was similar to the evaluation of works by renowned painters who just put dots on a piece of paper, and it would sell for millions. Grid completed one bow.

Ttiring~

 

[The Extremely Disgraceful Quick Fire Bow has been created.]

[Extremely Disgraceful Quick Fire Bow]

Rating: Rare

Attack Power: 30~183   Firing Speed: +5%

Accuracy: -80%

* It is unknown where the arrows will fly.

A bow made by the legendary blacksmith Grid.

The structure of the bow is good, but the balance is off. Therefore, the power and accuracy is very low.

It is unknown where the arrows will fly, making it the worst.

If you use this bow, you might attack the same side.

It is the stain of Grid’s life.

Conditions of Use: None. It is advised not to use this weapon.

 

“…”

Grid had the level 7 (Understanding of Gods’ Weapons) Legendary Blacksmith’s Craftsmanship Skill. It meant that all the items made by Grid would receive at least 20% more stats than what was specified in the production method.

But the shape was like this. The power of the completed Quick Fire Bow was too terrible.

‘Maybe I should go against the production method.’

The way to make an item was to 100% follow the production method. He made an item with a unique look and performance despite following the production method. What if he didn’t make it according to the production method? He didn’t know what obstacles would occur.

‘But I don’t want to use the Item Creation skill for a troll item.’

Kwack!

Grid once again started hammering. This time, he started to make a new bow, planning to improve the balance slightly.

The result.

Ttiring~

 

[The Strange Quick Fire Bow has been created.]

[Strange Quick Fire Bow]

Rating: Rare

Attack Power: 160~181   Firing Speed: +12%

Accuracy: -60%

* * Every time you shoot an arrow, the firing speed will increase by 0.5%. This effect will only be applied up to 30%.

* It is unknown where the arrows will fly.

…

…

User Restriction: Level 300 or higher. Advanced Bow Mastery level 2 or higher.

 

‘This time it is slightly better.’

But it wasn’t enough. Obviously, Grid wanted a bow with a low hit rate. However, it didn’t make sense to not know where the arrows would fly. Grid didn’t want to be someone who killed his team members, so he started carefully hammering again.

The result of the third bow was very positive.

 

[Poor Quick Fire Bow]

Rating: Rare

Attack Power: 180~203   Firing Speed: +14%

Accuracy: -40%

* Every time you shot an arrow, the firing speed will increase by 1%. This effect will only be applied up to 40%.

* The probability that the arrow will fly in an unintended direction is very high.

* If you hit the ‘desired target,’ you will gain additional Bow Mastery experience.

A bow made by the legendary blacksmith Grid.

It’s great if you can hit the target with this bow.

User Restriction: Level 300 or higher. Advanced Bow Mastery level 2 or higher.

 

Additional mastery skill experience! He finally got the option that he wanted.

“A little bit more.’

Grid made a determined expression and started hammering again. On the other hand.

“Abubu?”

In order to be recognized by his father, Lord visited the smithy today. He identified that his father was making bows and grabbed one of them.

“Abubu!”

What was Lord saying? The bows made by his father were wonderful. He seemed to be saying. In the darkness, Kasim whispered to him.

“Well done. I should teach you archery as well.”

A bow made by a legendary blacksmith so be easy to use and have a high accuracy rate.

‘Although, it is a bit strange.’

Kasim felt doubts as he pulled out an arrow and handed it to Lord.

“Now, shoot an arrow.”

Ttang! Ttang!

None of the people currently in the smithy were paying attention to Lord. Khan and the 100 young blacksmiths were watching Grid, while Grid was dedicated to making items. There seemed to be no problem if Lord shot an arrow.

“Abuuuu!”

Lord nodded vigorously. Kasim confirmed it with a proud face and showed him how to shoot the bow.

Consequently, Lord pulled the bow.

Kiririk!

“Okay, now is the time. Pull the bowstring.”

Kasim looked at Lord’s posture and breath before giving a signal.

Tatang!

“…!”

Kasim was astonished as soon as the arrow left the bow. Lord was aiming at the wall of the smithy, but why did the arrow fly in the opposite direction?

‘This is ridiculous!’

Kasim was currently the strongest assassin. He had very high agility and excellent skills. He had hardly ever been hit by an arrow. However.

Puk!

“Ugh.”

An arrow was stuck to Kasim’s ass. The arrow flew in a trajectory that couldn’t be seen with the eyes. Kasim was thrilled.

‘It can’t be…!’

Was Lord the second coming of Povia, the legendary archer? In the midst of this deepening misunderstanding…

“Abu?”

 

[The beginner ‘Bow Mastery’ skill has been acquired.]

 

Lord grew quickly because his arrow had hit Kasim, who was over level 360.

“Abuuuu!”

Lord rejoiced as he held the Extremely Disgraceful Quick Fire Bow in his hand.

 

***

“Everyone is amazing.”

Behen Archipelago, the 40th island.

Sage Sticks watched the Overgeared members with shining eyes. All of them entered the Contaminated Behen Archipelago and passed through the 10th island.

“All of Grid’s subordinates are talented.”

Looking at just their talent, the Overgeared members currently challenging the Behen Archipelago were so powerful that they could become legends. They were the ones who would write a new history with their own strength.

But all of them were Grid’s subordinates.

“The more I see, the more amazing they are.”

Grid became even bigger in Sticks’ mind. He once again felt admiration.

“Wahh! Sticks! What should I do?”

The helper fairy, Bini, flapped his small wings with confusion.

As a helper fairy, he had to give advice to the challengers who entered the 20th island. Now that dozens of challengers entered the 20th island at the same time, he couldn’t help being confused.

“Haha…”

Sticks was at a loss for words.

The fame of the Overgeared Guild was rising even today.