[Ice Shield (Lv.8) has been used.]

[Creates a shield that absorbs 10,000 (+11,532) damage.] 

[The shield will increase your physical defense by 30% and magic resistance by 20%, and will reflect back 30% of the damage as ice debris.]

 

It was necessary to use a lot of magic in order to increase the proficiency of magic. But it shouldn’t be used in a meaningless manner. It needed to be used with a purpose to increase proficiency.

For example, in order to increase the proficiency of shield magic, it was necessary to defend against an enemy attack with the shield.

However, a magician was a class with low health and weak defense. They were extremely reluctant to allow enemy attacks, so the actual combat method was focused on not allowing enemy attacks. They took advantage of various spells to maintain a proper distance from the enemy and killed them before the enemy could approach.

Therefore, most magicians only had low level shielding magic. However, Bondre raised the level of Ice Shield through his constant efforts. If he raised it two more levels, it would be mastered. It was a result of abandoning the typical magician combat style and confronting the enemy’s attacks with his shield.

Why? Why suffer in order to raise the level of Ice Shield? The reason was simple. It was to prepare for a decisive battle with Grid.

‘I only dreamed about getting revenge!’

Grid used Fly and his various resistances to magic in order to instantly narrow the distance. Indeed, this was the counter for a magician. But Bondre had already faced Grid once before and didn’t panic. As soon as he faced Grid’s Kill, he calmly cast the Ice Shield and then started the chant for an attack spell.

‘The shield can endure the bombardment!’

Bondre believed in his shield. He was convinced that his level 8 Ice Shield  couldn’t be destroyed in the National Competition where PvP damage was reduced by 50%. But Grid caused a reversal.

Jjejeong!

Puok!

 

[You have suffered 23,210 damage.]

[21,532 damage has been absorbed.]

[The target will receive 30% of the damage.]

[You have dealt 6,963 damage to the target.]

[Ice Shield is turned off.]

 

“Cough…! N-No, this is crazy!”

Bondre’s face distorted as he coughed up blood. Grid suffered the most damage, but Bondre’s mental shock was great.

‘What a monster!’

His shield was smashed despite the 50% drop in damage? How powerful was Grid’s original attack? It was only a moment, but Bondre felt afraid of Grid. But it cleared in an instant. As the peak of 41,000 ice mystics and a representative of his country, he could never weaken or feel distress.

Jjejeong!

Bondre barely sidestepped Grid’s swing and shouted the last words of his spell.

“Ice Dragon’s Fury!”

Kwa kwa kwa kwang!

The whole area became dominated with a chill. From the turbulent earth, huge ice pillars rose like dragons and threatened Grid. Power, speed and range. Bondre’s magic wasn’t lacking anything.

The earth quickly froze and frost covered the forest. The frost, ice pillars and Grid who was stiff like a statue, not moving. It was like he was overwhelmed by the phenomenal magic.

The French people who saw it cheered.

“Grid is stuck!”

“There is no escaping this magic! Indeed, Bondre is great! A genius!”

“That’s right! Last year Bondre wasn’t alert! Go Bondre! Take down Grid!”

“Bondre!! Bondre!! Bondre!!”

At this moment, most people in the world thought that Grid would be defeated. Bondre was different from the person who couldn’t endure Grid’s strike last year. This impression was implanted on the spectators.

In the distance, the US team competing with other teams to capture the highlands also believed in Bondre’s victory.

Zibal smiled at the sight of the ice pillars rising high in the sky.

“Bondre’s mighty power can’t be endured. By taking advantage of the structure of ice, the enemy’s actions are blocked and a complete victory can be achieved. The successful emergence of S-grade magic means it is the end for Grid.”

“Don’t make me laugh.”

Someone snorted at Zibal’s words. It was Pon, a member of the Spanish team that was confronting the US team. He asserted as he threatened Zibal with his spear.

“You can’t measure Grid.”

“Baby small fry.”

Pon, who was 10th on the unified rankings, was one of the five influential figures of Overgeared. But Zibal was 2nd on the rankings. It was natural that he should be dominant. However…

“What?”

Zibal was shocked. Pon’s spear flying from the front suddenly changed orbit to the side. It was unexpected and Zibal was slow to respond.

Puok!

“Ugh!”

Zibal groaned as his side was hit. He was once again shocked as he saw the damage.

‘Why is it so painful?’

Zibal had been steadily taking elixirs and used the overwhelming resources he accumulated as master of one of the seven guilds to arm himself with the strongest equipment. He was even 20 levels higher than Pon. From a common sense point of view, it was normal for Zibal to not suffer great damage from Pon. But he was confused by the unexpected damage.

Lauel summoned a gust of wind to block Pon’s next attack and warned.

“Zibal, I admit that you are strong. But don’t be overconfident. The power of Overgeared can’t be compared to what it was a year ago.”

That’s right. Due to the Reidan desert, the vampire cities and the Behen Archipelago, the Overgeared members reached a level that was beyond common sense. And Grid had achieved overwhelming development among the Overgeared members.

 

[A powerful frost has frozen your body. All speeds will decrease by 20%.]

[You have resisted.]

 

“Revolve.”

Kurururu!

“Heok!”

Grid stood still as he faced the huge and mighty ice pillar dragons. He wasn’t humbly accepting death. By rotating his sword, he reversed the path of the ice pillar, causing Bondre to be directly hit.

“W-What? A counterattack…!”

Typically, counterattacks could only be used against attacks of the same type. Physical force was counterattacked with a physical attack, while magic was counterattacked with magic. However, Grid used physical force to counterattack against magic. Furthermore, the attack was returned with more than 100% of the damage.

It was unbelievable, a fraudulent skill.

But Bondre wasn’t surprised at the function of the skill itself. He was amazed at Grid’s skill to fully utilize the counterattack. It needed to be used at the perfect timing, so very few players could use a counterattack in a fight against top rankers.

But Grid…

Grid, who was rated as having a low level of control, used a counterattack perfectly against Bondre.

‘This guy… What has he been doing in the past year?’

Bondre became bloody. He looked at the deep eyes of the approaching Grid and realized.

‘I can’t measure him.’

He didn’t know what trials Grid had gone through over the past year and how he had overcome them. Bondre couldn’t imagine it at all.

{Bondre! We’ll join in!}

The French representatives hadn’t participated in the battle because Bondre asked for a one-on-one match against Grid. Bondre hurriedly shouted at them.

{No, abandon me and run away. We can’t handle Grid without some sacrifices.}

{What?}

The rankings were constantly going down due to the rapid growth of the Overgeared members, but Bondre was still in the top 20. His pride was high and he had some of the best skills. Bondre and most people believed that he was defeated by Grid last year because he wasn’t vigilant.

But right now, Bondre acknowledged Grid’s skills. This person was above him. It was unfamiliar to the French team, who knew Bondre well.

{I will earn as much time as possible, so run away. Leave the South Korean team alone and focus on the targets. Aim for a bronze medal.}

As Bondre was talking with his team members…

Shaaaaaah–

Grid recalled Grid’s Greatsword and took out Iyarugt. The sword scattered a red light like jewels, capturing the eyes of the hundreds of thousands of spectators. The cameras were dazzled by Iyarugt’s beauty and zoomed in. It was natural that the appearance of Grid, the master of Iyarugt, would receive the attention of people from all over the world.

“Bondre, you developed a lot compared to last year. I acknowledge your growth.”

Grid’s original personality would’ve mocked Bondre. Bondre was one of the guild masters who dared to invade Reidan. However, Grid didn’t disparage Bondre.

Was he worried about the image of Overgeared in the competition where millions of people were watching?

That was a secondary problem. Grid didn’t ridicule Bondre, because he truly acknowledged Bondre’s skills. He could see how hard he had worked and how much Bondre had grown over the past year, and Grid couldn’t put him down.

“You are strong. But I am stronger.”

“…Hat! You are ridiculous.”

Bondre burst out laughing and summoned ice barriers. He was worried that his team members would become Grid’s targets and wanted to buy as much time as possible by squeezing out all his power.

“It won’t be so easy when we meet again next year.”

Bondre shouted at Grid from behind the ice barriers. Grid nodded and rushed forward.

Chaaeng! Jjejeong! Jjeejeeeong!

Subsequently, the ice barriers were destroyed by Iyarugt. The sharp ice arrows and ice spears couldn’t stop Grid’s movements. Grid didn’t try to avoid the ice arrows and spears. He just accepted them while approaching Bondre.

The magic resistance of the Holy Light Set was extremely high and there was also the 50% drop in PvP damage. The synergy between the patch and his armor made Bondre into a fool.

『 B-Bondre, logout!! 』

Bondre, a leading figure in France, eventually kneeled down and died. This helplessness left a great shock on the French people.

“Next.”

The rejoicing of the winner was short. After confirming that Bondre has logged out, Grid headed towards the South Korean team who were experiencing a crisis.

“Blackening.”

Peeng!

The explosion of demonic power made a road around Grid. Grid’s skin became paler and contrasted with his black hair, causing the female viewers to cheer.