Kurururung!

The mountain wasn’t able to cope with the explosion generated by Transcended Link and collapsed.

The Russians showed their skills as the stones poured down like hail. Transcended Link was a non-targeted skill, so it could be avoided with control, while Linked Kill Wave could be countered with a corresponding skill.

Pepeng!

Pepepepeong!

Indeed, third advancement classes were different. The two second advancement users were unable to cope with Transcended Link properly, while the four third advancement classes handled Linked Kill Wave. They were hit by the landslide, but they moved their bodies properly and avoided a fatal injury. They were different from small fries.

Among them, the 22nd ranked Alexander was a military student. He focused on the small shields hanging on both wrists and hardened them, completely neutralizing the strike of Linked Kill Wave. He wasn’t a tanker, so it was probably a skill to neutralize techniques. 

“Indeed, you’re a monster.”

Alexander shook his hands like it was numb.

“If it’s just the power of the skill alone, you are stronger than Kraugel.”

Just.

“Aren’t your total abilities below me?”

Alexander had also participated in the National Competition last year. He saw Grid defeat Hurent and Bondre in succession, winning the PvP event. At the time, he had been honestly surprised. He realized that he couldn’t beat this yellow monkey and his pride was hurt.

But now it was different. Over the past year, Alexander had become stronger. He advanced faster than others. Grid would also be stronger than last year, but Alexander was certain that he had a bigger growth.

“I also experienced the East Continent.”

One of the people who knew about the Behen Archipelago.

In this notorious instant dungeon, Alexander reached the 15th island and luckily found Fog Island. He bought a large number of elixirs and moved to the East Continent. There, he succeeded in countless quests, receiving all types of titles and a second class.

“My current stats are around 400 points higher than the same level users. By hardening my aura, I can exert powerful attack power and defense at the same time. Can a monkey like you handle me?”

Grid listened to the story and laughed.

Alexander frowned.

“What is funny?”

“In my experience, talkative people like you usually die in one blow. I’m just curious about how many seconds it will take for you to die.”

It was an obvious provocation. Grid noticed Alexander’s temper and taunted him. But Alexander was a surprisingly cool person.

“Hey monkey. I know that you’ve been a winner for a while. But keep this in mind.”

The world was wide and there were many people.

“There are more than two billion users in Satisfy. Why do only a few rankers participate in the National Competition to represent their country? You’re strong, but there are countless others in the world that you don’t know about.” 

The true users that were Kraugel’s level didn’t show up in the National Competition. Why? They didn’t want to expose their power to the world.

“They don’t crave anything enough to risk exposing themselves. They are complete products.”

“What is your point?”

“Well, to put it simply, it means that the rankers who competed in the National Competition are only B-class. They are lacking many parts and are weak and pitiful beings who made a choice to expose their power. Don’t be so arrogant when you have only played against them.”

“…Hoh.”

It was a plausible logic. Grid had reasons for participating in the National Competition. First of all, he wanted the world to acknowledge his abilities. Secondly, he wanted to obtain adamantium and promote Overgeared.  He wouldn’t have bothered participating in the National Competition if he had no purpose. In fact, Faker hadn’t participated in the National Competition for two years in a row.

Grid thought about it and came to a conclusion.

“Then Alexander, aren’t you also B-class? Are you giving me an advance warning before I knock you out?”

Alexander snorted.

“No, I am A-class.”

Alexander was already strong enough. He knew it wasn’t ideal to fight in the National Competition and expose his power. Nevertheless, he participated in the National Competition for only one reason.

“I participated in this competition for the glory of my country. Now, experience the power of an A-class. Be the cornerstone of Russia’s glory!”

“…!”

Grid’s eyes widened.

It was because something as sharp as thorns rose from the ground at his feet.

His high insight and the power of the Slaughterer’s Eye Patch meant Grid quickly detected the abnormality of the ground. Then he moved around with the agility he gained in the Behen Archipelago, avoiding the thorns.

The swift movements were more than Alexander anticipated.

‘Yes, this is the trinity of items, stats and skills.’

Alexander linked skills while admiring it.

“It is useless! Aura Explosion!”

Pepepepeong!

The aura thorns that rose from the ground where Grid stood became hard. They exploded and caused damage to Grid…

 

[You have dealt 680 damage to the target.]

[You have dealt 599 damage to the target.]

[You have dealt 605 damage to the target.]

 

“Eh?”

Alexander’s eyes widened with surprise.

‘What? Why isn’t the damage higher?’

That Grid, did he move quickly and get away from the blast radius? Alexander watched the dust caused by the explosion and belatedly realized.

‘No, he didn’t avoid it.’

Grid’s defense was just absurdly high.

‘Overgeared…’

The first time that Grid appeared in front of the world in the past. He called himself overgeared when facing Neberius, a Yatan Servant. It was a defense that made Alexander recall Grid’s intense first appearance.

‘But it will eventually break!’

Alexander moved forward.

Jjeejeeeong!

Twin swords slashed through the air towards Grid. If Grid didn’t have flying magic, he wouldn’t have been able to respond easily. Now Grid was accustomed to Fly after nearly two years. He could move as freely in the sky as he could on the ground. It was relatively easy to block Alexander’s swords.

Kwa kwa kwa kwang!

“What…?”

Currently, Grid was armed with a greatsword. It was common sense that his attack speed would be slow. But Grid’s attack speed was very fast. The attack speed was between that of a one-handed sword and a greatsword, so it was hard to defend against.

‘Even the destructive power…!’

Alexander barely defended with his shield, but he couldn’t bear the weight of the greatsword. He fell to the ground. Grid immediately rushed towards him.

“Pagma’s Swordsmanship.”

In the empty air, he moved while using Link.

Pit!

Pipipipipit!

A quick swordsmanship that made it hard to believe it came from a greatsword. Dozens of black lights appeared around Alexander’s body. Grid believed that dozens of strikes would emerge from Alexander’s body. It was a maneuver to deal with Link.

But Alexander wasn’t an ordinary person. As soon as Grid used Link, he developed an aura tornado, creating a barrier of aura around his body and making it harder.

At that moment.

Pepepepeong!

Link hit the aura barrier and it broke. Grid and Alexander’s gazes met through hundreds of scattered aura fragments. Alexander laughed.

“Louder than before! Aura Explosion!”

Puaaaaaaaah!

“Kuk!”

Grid groaned.

It was the first pained expression he made after the target processing started. It would be difficult to cope with the damage caused by the simultaneous explosion of dozens of aura fragments.

“This is the power of an A-class!”

Alexander took advantage of the momentum to hit Grid’s chest with his left hand, while pushing the sword in his right hand into Grid’s abdomen. It wasn’t a weak attack. However, Grid’s items were much better.

 

[The Largest Gloves have reduced physical damage by 4%.]

[The Shiny Gauntlets have reduced physical damage by 5%.]

[The Heavy Helmet has reduced physical damage by 6%.]

[Lantier’s Cloak has reduced the damage of all stabbing and cutting attacks by 20%.]

[Triple Layers has reduced physical damage by 4%.]

[Triple Layers has reduced the damage of stabbing attacks by 50%.]

[The enemy’s sword is caught in the gap of Three Layers. The skill ‘Sword Breaker’ is used.]

[The target’s weapon durability has dropped.]

 

Kwajijik!

“…What?”

Alexander paled. The durability of his swords decreased severely just from cutting and stabbing Grid. It even got stuck. It was like dealing with a named golem boss.

Grid told him.

“If you are A-class, then I am S-class?”

‘Damn items…!’

Alexander removed his sword and attacked Grid again.

It was the manifestation of his strongest attack skill, ‘Exceed Sword,’ which concentrated hardened aura at the end of the sword. Exceed Sword had the option of ignoring a certain amount of the enemy’s defenses.

Grid didn’t avoid it. To be honest, it was difficult to avoid it. He didn’t bother wasting strength and just let it hit. He believed in the Heavy Helmet, Largest Gloves, Shiny Gauntlets, Triple Layers, and Lantier’s Cloak, which had high resistance to physical attacks.

Of course, his items certainly paid back Grid’s faith.

 

[You have suffered 8,144 damage.]

 

“This is ridiculous!”

Alexander’s strongest attack skill only did this much damage? The durability of his sword was further reduced. Grid struck the miserable Alexander. Alexander couldn’t avoid it. Grid used a skill the moment he welcomed the attack, so there was no time to avoid it.

Linked Kill pierced Alexander’s heart before Alexander could recover his sword.

Puk.

Puk puk puk!

Alexander did his best to the end.

He succeeded in defending against the first strike of Linked Kill with his hardened aura shield. But Grid’s Linked Kill was a skill that hit the target at least three times. Luckily, this time it was six strikes. 

Alexander couldn’t deal with the overwhelming power exerted by Grid’s Greatsword + Failure and turned to grey.

“…”

The Russian representatives were speechless.

They never imagined that Alexander, who was the next strongest after Kraugel, would lose against Grid. Frankly speaking, they expected Alexander to crush Grid. But the result was the opposite.

Then Grid said to them.

“Am I still a dog?”

The Russian representatives shook their heads.