[Tiramet's Belt has been upgraded from epic to unique!]

[Tiramet's Belt]

Rating: Unique (Growth)

* Reduce damage received by 10%.

* Stamina +250.

A belt that contains the unique magic power of Vampire Viscount Tiramet. * If this belt grows to a legendary rating, the wearer can summon Vampire Viscount Tiramet.

Weight: 13

'It added 150 points to the stamina stat?'

The third awakening increased health by 25 and defense by 0.9 for each point in stamina. The value of a 250 increase in stamina was tremendous, making Tiramet's Belt a coveted item for everyone, regardless of class. He could even summon Tiramet if it was raised to a legendary level. A powerful monster that even Grid found hard to raid.

'...Then.'

There was one thing Tiramet wasn't happy about. The 'Tiramet's Power' attached to the Rune of Darkness wasn't triggered.

[Tiramet's Power]

If your health drops below 10%, 30% health will be restored in an instant. 

Cooldown Time: 12 hours.

Grid had high expectations for this recovery skill that could overturn the unfavorable battlefield. He always thought of it as a solid insurance. But it was never activated in the critical moments. It was the same when he met Lantier in the Behen Archipelago. 

Grid was embarrassed and betrayed. It felt like he met an insurance company that he had to pay huge sums to every month. He felt like it was a scam. The Grid of the past would've suspected a bug or manipulation. But now Grid was different. There was a reason for the phenomena.

'When I met Lantier, the immortal passive was activated... The immortal passive is triggered when I'm about to die. Maybe this is why Tiramet's Power doesn't work.'

In other words, Tiramet's Power didn't restore Grid's health because he was already dead. In order to enjoy the effect of Tiramet's Power, his health needed to fall below 10% and have the immortal passive not be activated.

"Comet Group."

Grid thought this before suddenly looking at the camera and using PPL. Sure enough, he was the model of promoting in the broadcasting industry. Damian received the crowd's applause and cheers as he logged out and greeted Grid.

"I have learned well, Grid. You are my eternal idol."

"Don't exaggerate. Don't you know that the difference between out skills is just one sheet of paper?"

"..."

Damian knew. Grid hadn't used all his power. If Grid had used Pagma's Swordsmanship, Restraint, the match would've been much easier. However, Grid didn't use Restraint. 

'It is to maintain my pride. If a pope is defeated too easily, my reputation will plummet.'

Damian interpreted it freely and was thrilled. In fact, Grid hadn't used Restraint because he wanted to raise his item experience a bit more. In addition, high rankers had a high level, stats, and recovery ability.  There were also accessories that increased resistance to status conditions.  Damian overcame most states in one to three seconds, so the effect of Restraint wasn't absolute.

"I want the pope's term to end quickly so I can serve you."

Damian wanted to free the Rebecca's Daughters during his term and then move to Reidan with Isabel. But that wasn't what Grid wanted.

"No. If you really want to follow me, you shouldn't retire."

"..."

Maybe he would never be able to retire from being a pope? Damian was seriously worried.

***

『 The fourth round is finally here. The end of the long National Competition is approaching. 』

『 Viewers, please stay on this channel until the last minute. 』

The broadcasters asked in vain. More viewers around the world were focused on OGC's channel. They were fascinated by the biased and precise commentary of Peak Sword.

"Why don't you become a commentator?"

It was a big hit. The OGC director excitedly asked Peak Sword after seeing that the number of viewers was over 100 million.

"I will answer if you occasionally invite me, but I'm a Satisfy player."

"Haha, indeed. You are one of the heroes who represent South Korea."

"...What hero?"

Peak Sword looked sad. It was natural. He was 15th on the unified rankings and one of the strongest in South Korea, but he received the nickname of 'Useless Peak Sword.' He was very frustrated and disappointed that he couldn't win a medal.

'Let's go into mining as Grid suggested...'

Peak Sword was seriously considering it as the fourth round began.

The process was very fast. The winner of the first match was Kraugel, the second match was the US' Skull and the third match was won by Canada's Dean.

『 Despite PvP damage being reduced by 50%, the match is over in an instant. 』

『 It's because they are high rankers. Thus, their attack power is too strong. On the other hand, there is a limit to their health. In particular, there are skills that apply fixed damage or ignore defense, making the defense system ineffective. Well, it's rare for there to be a long battle because the difference between opponents is clear. 』

『 The fourth match is starting. 』

『 It's the Grid vs Pon match that everyone expected. 』

『 Peak Sword, who do you think will win? 』

The viewers were able to anticipate Peak Sword's answer.

'Naturally, God Grid will win.'

'It is his victory.'

'Will he win in three seconds?'

Peak Sword had greatly favored Grid over Damian. It was possible to say that he made the buzzword 'God Grid.' But surprisingly, Peak Sword's answer was different.

『 Pon is very strong. In particular, the attack speed of Rail Spear and Mach Spear will be hard to handle, even for God Grid. If God Grid is hti by one of those two skills, it might be difficult to win. 』

『 Hoh... Isn't this an unexpected answer? Does this mean that God Grid will lose? 』

Peak Sword denied it.

『 No, why will God Grid lose? It will be hard, but God Grid will win. Do you know God Grid? 』

『 Ah, yes... 』

It went as they expected. People saw Peak Sword was someone who would say that God Grid would win over Kraugel. At this time, the fourth match of this round started. Whatever the result, it would be interesting and fun! The commentators and viewers were filled with intense anticipation as they started on the match. 

But surprisingly, the match ended easily. Grid used the four God Hands to immediately restrain the legs of the white horse Pon was riding and it tilted. Due to the impact of losing his mount, Pon's stats fell and he was pushed by Grid's power. It was a battle method that accurately attacked the shortcomings of a spear knight, who had to be 'riding' to use their full power.

"Shit... I could've fought better if I had a pegasus or soul horse."

There was a limit to ordinary horses with no combat ability. Grid reached out a hand to Pon.

"If you buy the diamond class capsule from the Comet Group, you will get a egg that hatches random pets every day as a gift. Maybe a pegasus will hatch from that? Ha. Ha. Ha."

"What? Is there something like that? I should buy the diamond class capsule from the Comet Group right away...!"

"..."

Pon fell for a typical capitalism method. He maximized the effect of Grid's PPL, increasing the appeal of the Comet Group. The Comet Group accepted this very positively. Now there were few people in the world who didn't know about the Comet Group. In South Korea, the birth of another conglomerate after the S.A. Group was about to be born.

***

'Am I actually incredibly strong?'

As a third advancement class, Dean of Canada was classified as a high ranker. In fact, he worked with Chris and Vantner during the National Competition to make Canada fourth in the rankings. But he made it to the semi-finals of the PvP. This was an unexpected result for Dean, his teammates, and the Canadian people.

'At first, I thought I was just lucky...'

Yes, he thought it was luck when he made it to the round of 16. He never met one of the winning candidates. But this thought changed after he made it to the round of 4. Was there anyone weak among the PvP participants? No. They were all high rankers. Even those who didn't qualify as winning candidates were in the top 0.1%.

Was it possible to reach the semi-finals just by being lucky? Never. There was also a limit to luck. He must have skills as a base. Dean realized it.

'Yes, in fact, I am very strong.'

His confidence grew steadily.

'I am qualified to go to the finals.'

It didn't matter if he didn't attract attention because he wasn't a winning candidate.

'I am strong!'

Dean climbed onto the stage with that firm belief. On the stage, a man with black hair was waiting for him. Grid had sharp eyes, like a beast of prey. A talented person who had defeated a lot of winning candidates to reach the semi-finals. A monster who won four gold medals alone in the National Competition.

But.

'I am also a monster.'

Dean didn't shrink back.

'I am also equal to Grid.'

That's why he was standing on the same stage as Grid.

"Grid... From now on, you will be the basis of my great legend."

'Is he the same as Lauel?'

Grid wondered as he looked at Dean.

"Haaap!"

The host announced the start of the match and at the same time, Dean swung a rod at Grid. Then Dean faced a notification window after 10 seconds.

[You have died.]

"..."

He had been lucky. Dean tearfully figured out the truth as he died.

All that was left was the final match between Kraugel and Grid.