"I will obtain the title of the strongest."

A challenge towards the sky! Grid's provocative words heated up the Stade de France National Stadium.

"Grid! Grid! Grid!!"

"Do you think you can win over Kraugel!?"

Some people cheered for Grid and others disparaged him. Most of them were the latter. It meant that Kraugel's popularity was absolute. It was natural. Kraugel was a subject of reverence without anyone daring to feel envious and jealous, making him special in people's hearts.

In the first place, looking at it objectively, Grid wasn't Kraugel's opponent. People saw Grid as someone who couldn't grasp who he was going against. In the midst of this turmoil, Kraugel opened his mouth.

"This time, I won't lose. No, I can never lose."

They were shocking words.

"..."

The crowd instantly fell silent. Everyone shut their mouths and doubted their ears.

'This time I won't lose...?'

'This time...?'

'It can't be!'

Kraugel had already been defeated by Grid? The turmoil disappeared like it was a lie and the match began in silence. The system notification window informed them of the start of the match, rather than the host.

"Pagma's Swordsmanship."

Grid calmed his trembling heart and moved.

"White Light Steps."

Kraugel spoke with a determined expression. The two men with black hair moved at the same time. Every step that Grid took was gorgeous, with a blood red light scattering with every move. Meanwhile, Kraugel was more elegant and covert. He disappeared from Grid's field of view in an instant. 

White Light Steps. It was a footwork skill that increased movement speed and improved the ability to adapt to the terrain. It could be applied as a charging or avoidance skill according to the user's proficiency.  Under intense sunshine or clear moonlight, it had a stealth function. And right now, the sun was shining down on the stage.

It was a time when Kraugel's abilities were fully exercised.

"Whoa!"

"Disappeared!"

The crowd's eyes widened with surprise. It was surprising to see Kraugel disappear from in front of Grid. Would he now appear like a ghost, dealing a deadly blow to Grid? Everyone was expecting it.

Grid used magic while unfolding his sword dance.

"Magic Detection, Link."

Magic Detection (Enhanced). It was different from normal Magic Detection. Great Magician Braham completely overturned the formula, minimizing the casting time and maximizing the effect. Due to this, Grid grasped Kraugel's position in an instant and fired dozens of energy blades.

Kraugel failed in his surprise attack and went on the defensive.

Chaeng!

Chaeeeeeng!

Fast and strong. Iyarugt's red light and White Fang's white light intertwined several times per second, creating an intense storm of energy. Sparks scattered all over the place, burning some of the stage. The ultimate effects created by two top performers were captivating.

On the other hand, the commentators and even Peak Sword of OGC weren't able to read the movements of Grid and Kraugel. 

"This is crazy."

Godly archer Jishuka. Only the player with the highest agility and Hawk Eyes could catch Grid and Kraugel's movements. But she could only see it. It wouldn't be possible for her to respond if she faced them.

"It isn't just fast. The sword's ever changing orbits..."

One of Kraugel's nicknames was Godly Control. It was a nickname given to those who demonstrated control abilities that transcended the human realm. But Grid? Even Jishuka didn't know that Grid's control skills had grown to this point.

'Did he grow again in this National Competition?'

In particular, he faced the strongest people in PvP.

Jjejeong!

After the last strike from Link, Grid and Kraugel were thrown away from each other. The feelings of the two men who stared at each other were completely opposite. 

'He's incomparably stronger than before.'

Kraugel was only feeling admiration.

'Crazy... Blocking the skill like that?'

Grid was shocked. Whenever Kraugel encountered Link, he weakened the orbit of Link to his advantageous side, weakening it.

'Is this a person...?' 

Indeed, Kraugel was a monster who surpassed Piaro during his peak as a great swordsman at the time when Kraugel competed with Piaro in Reidan. Piaro called Kraugel 'a genius who's eligible to be a sword saint.' There was nothing to be surprised about.

'I can never win in a pure physical fight.' CC needed to be actively utilized.

Grid decided to use Restraint while summoning the God Hands to keep Kraugel in check. While Kraugel was busy dealing with the God Hands, Grid could safely complete Restraint. The plan worked out exactly as he planned. They wielded their swords and launched Magic Missiles, causing Kraugel to waste around 1.5 seconds. In that gap, Grid completed Restraint.

But there was a problem. The moment that the effect of Restraint was activated, one of the ten rings on Kraugel's fingers shone and a shocking message appeared in front of Grid.

[The target has resisted the 'overwhelmed' effect!]

"...Items!"

Yes, the power of items wasn't exclusive to Grid and the Overgeared members. In particular, Kraugel was someone who experienced more adventures and raids than anyone else. He acquired countless items as well as accessories that resisted certain status conditions.

Kraugel rushed towards the upset Grid and swung White Fang. He aimed for the heart using the passive effect of Heart Selection, but Grid had the Slaughterer's Eye Patch and Iyarugt. He didn't easily allow an attack.

Jjejeong!

White Fang and Iyarugt met once again.

[The experience of Iyarugt has increased by 0.1%!]

"Hah...!"

The experience of a unique item went up so much from just one blow? It wasn't just because of Kraugel's swordsmanship. Their level difference also played a large role.

'Anyway, thank you!'

If he could hold on, it was possible that Iyarugt's rating would increase in a matter of minutes and he could reverse the battlefield...

[You have suffered 2,100 damage.]

"...!"

When? Grid's eyes trembled as he was stabbed in the side by a dagger that Kraugel had pulled out. Kraugel continued his offensive with White Fang in one hand and a dagger with a dragon's tail engraved on it in the other.

Jjejeong!

Jjeejeeeong!

"Ku....ock!"

Kraugel's swordsmanship became more threatening after he started using two blades. The gap between attacks was minimized and the orbit became more complicated. It was difficult to respond to the attacks that were even more irregular than Regas'.

Grid started to allow attacks.

[You have suffered 1,950 damage.]

[You have suffered 5,130 damage.]

The damage of the dagger wasn't very burdensome thanks to the increased rating of Tiramet's Belt. Grid was also wearing the strongest armor, Triple Layers! The problem was White Fang.

[+9 True White Fang]

Grid was familiar with its power. If he let Kraugel reach the third combo, he couldn't avoid a serious injury. He tried to somehow stop the attack, but failed.

[You have suffered 4,900 damage.]

[Your weakness is exposed!]

[Doran's Ring has been equipped.]

[You were hit by a sharp cut and suffered 12,900 damage!]

[Health has been absorbed due to the option effect of Doran's Ring.]

"Cough...!"

Grid became covered with wounds and coughed up blood. The crowd and viewers reacted to the sight.

"The fierce battle became one-sided in an instant..."

"Grid is better than I thought, but it's over now."

"Indeed! The sky above the sky won't lose to Grid!"

Originally, strength was relative. Grid had shown excellence in the past, but he was shabby in front of the 'peak.'  That's right.  Now people were overlooking him. Grid was a person who couldn't be measured!

"Haaap!"

Grid allowed Kraugel to strike him and reached into the air. One of the God Hands flew to him and handed him Grid's Greatsword.

[The +8 Grid's Greatsword has been equipped as a secondary weapon.] 

[Only 50% of the weapon's attack power is applied due to the double wielding penalty.]

[Grid's Greatsword has increased attack power by 30% and skill damage by 20%.]

Grid also specialized in double wielding. He faced Kraugel while holding Iyarugt in his right hand and Grid's Greatsword in his left hand. Kraugel became tense.

'This attack speed with a greatsword...'

How high was Grid's agility? In addition, the blue-black greatsword didn't seem to have an attack speed drop penalty.

Jjejeong!

"Hup...!"

Kraugel's body was pushed by the offensive power and flew through the air. He couldn't withstand it when Grid pushed with strength. This was a chance for Grid. As Kraugel was unable to control his body properly, Grid used Pagma's Swordsmanship, Pinnacle Kill.

A targeted skill that couldn't be avoided, Pinnacle Kill.  Kraugel discovered that it contained a mighty power that made defense insignificant, so he tried to use a counterattack.

'I can't let this hit.'

The power was too strong. Unlike Grid, Kraugel's counterattack skill was ordinary and it was overwhelmed by the attack power of Pinnacle Kill. Should he use Super Sensitivity? Kraugel couldn't because it was highly likely this would be a prolonged battle against Grid.

In the end, Kraugel's choice was a kick at close range.

"Jajinmori."

Peeeeeong!

The 'charged' kick precisely struck Grid's abdomen. However, Grid wasn't pushed away and safely used Pinnacle Kill. Kraugel's expressions twisted. It was because his kick had been blocked by a God Hand.

Seokeok!

A powerful stab penetrated Kraugel's abdomen.

Puok!

The red rain pouring down from the sky shocked the world.