In any case, I won't be able to post all the chapters owed for this week today. Expect extra chapters next week.

'Hammer?'

The main weapon that Grid focused on was a sword. Braham had expected Grid to create a sword. But a hammer? Grid explained to the confused Braham, "First of all, blunt weapons have a high accuracy."

A blunt weapon could strike the enemy in every manner. There was no need to try to attack with one side like a sword or spear. In other words, it was very easy to use and the system guaranteed a high accuracy.

'Certainly, it fits your purpose of making a weapon with high accuracy. But aren't there obvious limitations to weapons that are easy to use?'

A blunt weapon was subject to the law of inertia because its center of gravity was to one side. It was to maximize the power, but the opportunities rarely came. In the course of attacking, evading, and counterattacking, weapons with weight focused on one side often acted as a poison. It was especially bad if the enemy was more skilled in fighting.

'It's difficult to find an opportunity to use the weight and can also lead to a loss in the center of gravity. Basically, it means the balance is a mess. Think about the reason why most people use a sword as a weapon. The sword is perfect in all aspects of offense and defense...'

"Hey, don't you know a lot about weapons for a magician?"

He was like someone who collected all knowledge.

"That's right. A blunt weapon has many disadvantages. Compared to commonly used weapons like swords and spears, the balance is bad, and above all, the attack power is weak."

Most people thought that a blunt weapon was stronger than a sword. Systematically, the maximum attack power was much higher than a sword's. But that was the maximum attack power. In other words, it was a story for when the weight was used well.

A blunt weapon had the advantage of being able to hit the enemy on all sides, but it couldn't 'stab' or 'cut.' Of course, it would be a different story if a blade was attached. However, that would weaken the unique advantage of a blunt weapon. It meant it was difficult to deal a fatal blow to enemies with high defense. The probability of applying the minimum attack power rather than the maximum attack power was overwhelmingly high.

"Don't forget. I'm a legendary blacksmith, and the God Hands are artifacts made by literally modelling my hands."

For a blacksmith, hammers were the best tool.

"I can see the pros and cons of a hammer, and it's the ideal weapon for the God Hands."

Of course, Grid didn't want to use it directly. In terms of balance, it was true that a sword was much better. In particular, when fighting someone of an equal ability, the use of a blunt weapon would likely fail. But wasn't Grid planning to make a God Hands only weapon? The God Hands had infinite durability. They didn't need to fear the enemy's counterattack. They could ignore whatever the enemy was doing and just hit.

"Also."

He wanted to improve the efficiency of the Item Combination skill, which was difficult to use in actual combat. That's right. Grid wanted to create a hammer that not only boasted a high accuracy rate, but also a hammer that shortened the time of Item Combination.

'Hrmm.'

Braham no longer gave an opinion. There was no room for disagreement. Grid became certain and turned his attention to the notification window.

[You have decided to create a hammer. What materials would you like to use?]

"Adamantium, drake's fangs, Water Clan King's Tears, and ogre tendons."

[Have you decided?]

"Yes."

[Please design the item.]

A blank blueprint appeared in front of Grid. This was already his 14th item creation. Grid skillfully drew the blueprint using his experience and high dexterity stat. He didn't do it too fast. He was slow and careful.

'The handle is made from drake's fangs.'

The role of the handle was important. It was a way to get the best performance from a tool. In particular, a hammer was a tool used for hitting hard objects. Every time the target was hit, a repulsive force was generated and the user became tired.

However, the disadvantages could be eliminated if the handle was made from the fang of a hard and resilient drake. The repulsive force would be absorbed by the handle. The drake's fang was commonly used as a material for spears. It was bound to be robust, since it was so hard to obtain.

"Not too large."

It needed to be the right size for the God Hands to swing. Grid set the handle to the fairly short length of 15cm.

"Heavy is good."

Increasing the weight would naturally increase the power. There was the disadvantage of increasing the strength requirement, but it didn't affect Grid and the God Hands, who could use 'all items.' In the end, Grid set the size as 15cm in length and 30cm in width. The handle was short, while the metal plates seemed extremely large and lacking in efficiency. However, since the size was so big, it was unlikely that it would miss when hitting the enemy. This was what Grid intended.

'I need to add some utility.'

At the bottom of the handle, there would be a red cord made of ogre's tendon. The user's finger could be placed there to throw the hammer. Depending on the situation, it could be thrown like a meteor.

'In order to shorten the item combination process, I will add an option to increase refining speed... I can increase the thermal conductivity.'

How long passed? It became dark outside the window as he focused on drawing. Grid originally was nocturnal when playing games. He found that night increased his concentration. Grid's hand movements became more delicate and the quality of the drawing became higher.

Two hours later. Grid was pleased with the final design and pressed the confirmation button.

[Have you decided? When you complete the blueprint, the number of available creation skill will decrease by one.]

Grid didn't hesitate.

"I have decided."

Busy. Grid planned to create two items today. One was a hammer for the God Hands and the other was a 'sword' for him to use. If he used the materials obtained from the drake raid, he was confident about making a good sword comparable to Iyarugt.

[The blueprint has been completed.]

[One skill count has been consumed.]

[Please describe the characteristics of the item.]

Fanciful descriptions weren't good. The actual description must accurately portray the functions of the item while enhancing the quality.

Grid started to carefully explain.

"The main material that makes up the metal plates is the god mineral adamantium. Apart from pavranium, it can destroy any other material once struck a lot. Compared to the size of the plates, the handle is relatively short, requiring less force when swinging. It also has a higher hit rate. Structurally, it is easy to use with one hand and it speeds up the refining of items. In addition, the Tears of the Water Clan King mean a new spell can be attached."

[Analyzing.]

Chiing.

The design that Grid drew was erased by itself and another image appeared. The skill compensation effect.

[The blueprint has been completed.]

'Okay!'

Grid verified the perfectly completed design and was delighted. A hammer that could be wielded with one hand. The gold, shiny, thick, and sharp metal plates that formed the head gave off a foreboding feeling. It looked like it could shatter an ogre's skull in one blow. In addition, the black handle with the red cord was full of elegance.

Braham saw the name 'Grid' written on the bottom of the golden hammer and felt rare admiration.

'Great...' The mix of gold and black always looked good. It was luxurious and full of dignity. The colors matched Braham's taste. 'The harmony of the appearance and colors gives off a considerable amount of awe. It is enough to give the enemy a sense of fear. Now it just needs a name.'

"The name..."

The notification window asked him to set the name. Grid pondered for a moment and made a decision.

"Adamantium Hammer?"

'...'

Braham finally got a sense of Grid's poor naming ability. He didn't want this amazing looking golden hammer to have such a cheap name.

'The perfection of a work isn't just determined by its power and appearance. The name should be classy.'

"Then Adamantium Hammer."

Grid liked it because it felt good. He meant it.

Sigh.

There was no answer. Braham had just given up when Lauel suddenly appeared and hurriedly suggested.

"How about Mjolnir?"

"Myol, what?"

"It is a hammer used by Thor. It's consistent with the hammer you created in many ways. It has a relatively short handle and can be thrown."

It didn't have the ability to come back when thrown, but Grid's hammer was comparable to Mjolnir when it came to 'smashing' and 'destroying.'

"Oh..." It was great. Grid liked the name Mjolnir. Then. "Why are you here? How long have you been here?"

"That..." Lauel made an awkward expression. "All of a sudden, Khan came running to me and said you seemed crazy... He was worried about your state and asked me to look at you. Then I arrived here and watched your process of creating an item."

"Eh? I seemed crazy?"

What was this? Grid turned his gaze towards Khan. Khan's eyes were red and swollen, as if he had been crying. His red eyes met Grid's gaze and he shouted, "I was watching and you kept talking to yourself! Wouldn't you be worried if I was talking to someone in a place where I was alone? I thought you had gone crazy!! I was really worried!"

"..."

Grid vowed to use caution when he talked to Braham again. At that moment.

[Please decide the name of the item you have created.]

The system demanded again. It was heartless to rush a person like this. Grid clicked his tongue and replied.

"Mjolnir."

[Have you decided on Mjolnir?]

"Yes."

[An item called 'Mjolnir' already exists. A separate model name will be attached to distinguish between them.]

[The item creation has been completed.]

[Mjolnir - Human World Version]

Rating: Unique ~ Legendary (Growth)

Unique Rating Information:

Durability: 610/610 

Attack Power: 660~1,090

* Accuracy +20%.

* Acceleration will rise when it is thrown.

* Every time the target is hit, there's a high probability of causing a 0.1 second of stiffness.

* The durability of any objects hit will fall (except your own items).

* 1,990 fixed damage will be dealt to demonkin and the undead.

* There is a chance to induce the 'fear' state in those who recognize it as an enemy.

* The workmanship speed of blacksmith related skills will slightly increase.

Legendary Rating Information:

Durability: 689/689 

Attack Power: 790~1,400

* Accuracy +35%.

* Acceleration will rise when it's thrown.

* Every time the target is hit, it will cause a 0.1 second of stiffness state.

* The durability of any objects hit will fall.

* 2,400 fixed damage will be dealt to demonkin and the undead.

* There is a high chance to induce the 'fear' state in those who recognize it as an enemy.

* The workmanship speed of blacksmith related skills will rapidly increase.

A tool that the legendary blacksmith Grid made from the god mineral adamantium. It is an all-purpose hammer that can exert absolute power when it comes to destruction and creation. The huge metal plates give off a considerable amount of foreboding.  It can easily hit the target and cause fear.

It is a weapon that can be compared to the divine weapon Mjolnir depending on the growth.

* Magic Currently Attached to It: None

User Restriction: Level 350 or higher. 3,000 or more strength. More than 3,500 dexterity.

Weight: 4,900

"...Amazing."

It was perfect. More than he expected. It could possibly grow to the myth rating, making it the ultimate weapon. He couldn't help noticing the dexterity attached to the conditions of use. It was a result caused by optimizing the design for Grid and the God Hand's use.

'It's still okay.'

It was originally a weapon made to climb to the highest position. He had no intention of selling or sharing it with others.

"How about it? Is it well made?"

Lauel asked as he noticed the satisfaction on Grid's face.

'It's more balanced than Failure?'

Lauel was full of anticipation.  Grid shared the information with him.

"Heok..."

A masterpiece created by the legendary blacksmith with the god mineral. Lauel was speechless as he saw that the performance of the item far exceeded his expectations. Grid declared to the astonished Lauel, "Agnus? How long can he be stronger than me?"

The more items Grid created, the stronger he became.

"I am the strongest."

Lauel didn't feel any doubts about Grid's assertion. He just felt infinite trust. On the other hand, Braham was comparing Grid to Pagma.

'Creating the best battle gear...' A legendary blacksmith indeed had infinite potential. 'If my magic power is added, there will be no limit to his growth.'

Braham thought about it. Pagma easily betrayed and killed him just because he was a vampire. Ironically, in the end, Pagma had to make a deal with a great demon for the peace of the world.

'Pagma, I will help Grid. Grid will be reborn as someone stronger than you, who contracted with Baal. Watch from hell and feel regret. You shouldn't have betrayed me and chosen Baal.'