Grid and Euphemina hurriedly ran away from the knights. Thanks to Euphemina grasping the layout of the first and second floors of the dungeon, the two people didn't have to wander and managed to reach the surface level.

Brilliant sunshine! Blue sky! A green lawn! Grid was excited by the bright and brilliant landscape that was unlike the dark dungeon where all sides were blocked.

"Hahahahat! We escaped the castle~"

The dungeon entrance that Grid and Euphemina escaped from was located between towers erected on the east-facing wall. The two of them were exiting the tower, and there was a lookout above them. In other words, there were concerns that the guards in the watchtowers would hear Grid's loud voice.

"Be quiet, we are still in the middle of enemy territory."

Euphemina tried to calm Grid down but he was so excited about escaping that he didn't hear her. 

“Kya! Look at this clean air. The humid air in the dungeon was so bad! I thought my lungs were rotting away. Air is important! I finally understand why city people are so excited about the air in the countryside!"

Grid made a fuss as he lay down on the lawn and rolled around. He was out of control. 

Euphemina had a headache. Most of the soldiers were defeated but the power of the lord's bodyguards still seemed intact. The bodyguards weren't a match for knights, but their level and skills exceeded that of ordinary soldiers. Euphemina didn't want to face them. In the worst case, they could tie up her feet until the knights arrived from underground.

"Hey Grid, we need to leave this place as secretly and quietly as possible, so be a bit more quiet…"

“Hah~~ the smell of the grass is so clear and refreshing! The nice scent of pine needles!"

"……"

Euphemina tiredly rubbed her temple, steadily reaching the limits of her patience.

"……"

In the end, Euphemina took action and approached Grid, who was sniffing the lawn, and grabbed his collar. Then she pushed her mouth towards Grid's ears and yelled,

"You!  Didn't I tell you to be quiet? Don't you have a brain? We are in the middle of enemy territory! We should be running away from this dangerous territory, so why are you making noise while rolling around!!! Yes?"

“Aaaagh!”

Grid felt like his eardrums had ruptured from the shock. The tearful Grid struggled to escape from Euphemina.

"You, don't embarrass me anymore but acting like a fool. Don't you want to leave this damn place? So do it properly. If you act so stupidly again, I really will kill you."

Euphemina knew that the grade of Grid's class was higher than hers. Grid wasn't a weak person. Nevertheless, she couldn't help becoming angry as she kept scrutinizing Grid.

Grid was really afraid that he would be killed by Euphemina when he suddenly turned his attention to one side. Then he gently spoke to Euphemina.

“There… are they enemies?"

An ominous feeling. Euphemina slowly turned in the direction that Grid pointed. Then she was frustrated. 16 bodyguards armed with full plate armor appeared in a systematic formation.

Chaeeeeeng!

Their 16 swords reflected in the sunlight, causing flashes throughout the castle.

Grid scowled and snapped at her. “Look what this angry girl did… You caused such a big fuss that the enemies emerged."

Euphemina was upset and retorted, “This is because you were loud first!"

Euphemina's killing intent flared up. Grid trembled with fear as he apologized, "S-Sorry, I was wrong. It was a slip of the tongue." 

Euphemina's head throbbed as she thought,

'This man, what type of concept is he trying on? Why does he keep acting afraid of me?'

Grid was the one who defeated the Northern Nova in a one-on-one match. He also overwhelmed four knights with just his presence. She didn't have direct knowledge of his skills, but she could make a guess. Grid was strong. A type of man who wouldn't be afraid of anything in Satisfy.

So, Euphemina started trembling.

'This guy is playing with me.'

Euphemina disliked Grid from the beginning. When the two people first met at the item production game, Grid wasn't misled by Euphemina's beautiful appearance.  That fact alone was humiliating for Euphemina, then she heard all the ridiculing words Grid had spoken.

Kid, fox, etc!

Now he was blaming her for doing nothing wrong? This man! It was an embarrassing memory that Euphemina wanted to forget for the rest of her life.

At that moment, a middle-aged man dressed in silver and gold appeared from among the bodyguards. His identity was Baron Lowe. He was the lord of Winston, the one who allied with the Mero Company and allowed the residents of Winston to suffer.

“To have reached here… did you get rid of all the soldiers and knights? Ha…hahaha! I can't believe it!"

Baron Lowe laughed like he was insane. It was impossible to maintain his sanity after losing most of his army from one intruder and one prison escapee.

“…The people can't be controlled without the army. Now I have no way of stopping people from going to Earl Steim. Thus, Earl Steim will find out about my actions and my life is ruined."

Baron Lowe was extremely angry after realizing his fate. He couldn't forgive Grid and Euphemina, who took everything away from him.

“Catch them! Tear apart all their limbs and make it so that they can't close their eyes!"

The 16 bodyguards followed what was possibly the lord's last command and got into formation. This was a formation that could even compete with a knight. But it was no use in front of Euphemina.

"Demon King's Tail Fire."

"Ack?!"

The bodyguards groaned at the same time. It was because their armor started to heat up. Then the amazing sight unfolded.

Hwaruruk!

Blue flames soared from the bodies of the bodyguards.

“Aaaagh!”

"W-What is this…? Kuack!"

The terrible screams and painful struggle only lasted a short time. It didn't take long for the bodyguards to be turned to ashes.

"Wow."

"T-This is ridiculous…"

A magic that annihilated 16 of the bodyguards. Grid and Baron Lowe couldn't believe it, despite witnessing the scene with their own two eyes. As their faces paled with horror, Euphemina gave a refreshing smile. By taking care of the bodyguards, she had managed to relieve some of the stress that reached the limit due to Grid.

'Indeed, the lord's guards are very strong. Their experience is pretty good.'

Grid and Baron Lowe felt a similar sentiment as they looked at her.

'I need to avoid this evil girl…'

'Demon. She is a demon.'

After that, Baron Lowe was captured by Euphemina. He was tied up and dragged away like a dog caught by a dog catcher.

Grid vowed yet again. 'I must never touch this woman again. I won't be able to survive if I do.'

Maybe Huroi had managed to tie up their feet for a while since the pursuit of the knights still couldn't be felt. Euphemina hurried and they managed to safely escape the castle.

Then they met an unexpected person outside the castle. It was the second highest ranked person in the Mero Company, Rabbit. He was standing with 10 people as if he had been waiting for them.

Colour returned to the face of the lord. "Ohh! Aren't you Rabbit? You heard the news and came to rescue me!"

Grid became tense.

'This… are they soldiers from the Mero Company?'

As Grid inwardly shouted, Euphemina strode forward towards Rabbit. She looked at Rabbit's subordinates and asked.

“These are the people you mentioned earlier?"

Rabbit nodded. "That's correct. They originally followed Valmont but became disappointed with his brutality. They won't hold you back."

"They do look strong. Great. I can count on them."

The two people were talking like they were friends!

Grid felt extreme anxiety. 'Why are the two of them so close? Wait, wasn't Euphemina hired by the Mero Company in the first place? Then why? Maybe Euphemina saving me was a trap!'

Grid's guess was this:

Winston's lord and the Mero Company had joined hands.  Euphemina, who was hired by the Mero Company, was subsequently the lord's ally. The conclusion that could be drawn from the first and second fact was that Euphemina was an enemy.
If Euphemina really belonged to the lord, she wouldn't have killed his soldiers. She also wouldn't be dragging the lord around like a dog. In the first place, why would Euphemina rescue Grid if she was the enemy?  She also returned the unique dagger to him instead of selling it.

But Grid was so confused that any thinking was impossible. He could only make the simple judgment that Euphemina was the enemy.

'It is the end… I really can't easily trust a black-bellied animal like her! I showed her some goodwill, only to be duped!'

Grid thought of some of the historical dramas he watched and decided. 

'I won't obediently let her kill me. I wanted to be more careful about my stat distribution, but it can't be helped. Status window.'

Name: Grid

Level: 45 (3,400/238,000)

Class: Pagma's Descendant

* The probability of adding additional options when making items will increase.

* The probably of item enhancement will increase. 

* All equipment items can be worn unconditionally. However, there is a penalty depending on the rating of the item. 

Title: One who Became a Legend

* Abnormal conditions don't work well on you.

* You won't die when health is at the minimum.

* Easily acknowledged.

Title: First Unique Item Maker

* Dexterity +200

Title: Knight Slayer

* Stamina +100. 

* Strength +30

Title: Apostle of Justice

* All stats +10.

* The Apostle of Justice's bravery is unmatched.

Health: 2,964/2,964    Mana: 243/243

Strength: 166   Stamina: 244   Agility: 118  Intelligence: 91 

Dexterity: 391  Persistence: 82

Composure: 66  Indomitable: 74   Dignity: 66   Insight: 66

Courage: 10

Stat Points: 240

Weight: 842/4,960 

you trying to obtain the liking of the Winston residents?"

“Our business will be starting at Khan's smithy. It has geographical advantages, so Khan's smithy is the most ideal place to act as a base. In other words, I need to get a job at Khan's smithy. But how can I get a job when I am blamed by Winston's residents?"

“…Ahh, I understand. How exactly do you plan to do business?"

Euphemina urged Rabbit to explain quickly, "Do you have enough time to spare? We are in a hurry."

“Yes, I understand. Mr. Grid, I'm afraid the detailed explanation needs to be left for the next time we meet. First, you only need to know one thing. I will make you rich. Then I'm going now."

Rabbit bowed politely to Grid and turned around. The man who was an enemy was now talking about becoming a business partner… Grid couldn't adapt to the sudden development and was confused.

“It can’t be helped. I'm tired so my head isn't working properly. Let's log out and take a break."

Euphemina called out to Grid who was about to leave. “Hey Grid, did you forget something?"

'This girl, she only saved me because of a quest so why is she acting so condescending. But well… she did rescue me and gave me back my unique dagger…'

If it hadn't been for Euphemina, Grid would've failed his quest to rescue Huroi. Grid greeted Euphemina genuinely after thinking this.

"Thank you again."

Euphemina frowned. “Did you think I called you just to hear that? Surely you haven't forgotten?"

"What?"

“You promised to make me a unique rated orb."

"H-How could I forget? Of course I remember."

He had actually forgotten. The thought of forgetting and then Euphemina killing him because he didn't keep his promise sent a chill through him. 

"I will make it for you. Instead, I need a method of making orbs. Naturally, I'll also need the materials for it."

Grid was sincere. He intended to make the orb to fulfill his promise to Euphemina. Was it to repay Euphemina after being helped be her? No. Grid was trying to keep his promise with Euphemina for another reason.

'This is a great chance to learn another production method for free!'

But was that all? Every time he made an item, the level of his skills related to production would increase. Wasn't it good to raise his skill level using free materials?

“I understand. I will contact you again when I obtain them."

Euphemina said goodbye to Grid.

Grid fell into deep thoughts once he was alone. 'If I join hands with Rabbit, can I really become a blacksmith who earns the equivalent of a small business company?'

Grid was already aware that his class was lucrative. If he tried hard, he would be able to get rid of his debt someday. Maybe he could even buy a foreign car. But the future that Rabbit spoke about was different in scale.

The revenue from converting a small amount of gold into cash was nothing compared to the revenue of a small business company. If he could earn an equivalent amount as a blacksmith, Grid would definitely be able to buy the car.

'No, a foreign car is nothing. I can live in a mansion with many foreign cars. If I have that much financial power, Ahyoung will be attracted to me!'

Grid shook with excitement. On the other hand, Rabbit asked Euphemina after they left Grid.

“Grid seems afraid of you. Did something happen?"

“What? Does it make sense that he is afraid of me?"

Euphemina laughed.

"Grid is the one who defeated the knight called the Northern Nova. In addition, he overwhelmed four knights with just his presence. Does such a mighty person fear anything in this world? That guy is just playing with me. He isn't actually afraid."

“Hoh…wait? What did you say just now?” Rabbit doubted his ears. "Grid has the power to overcome a knight?"

"Yes."

"Isn't Grid a blacksmith?"

“Yes, he certainly is a blacksmith. But he is also strong. I don't know what his identity is."

"……"

A blacksmith who could create a unique item and was strong? Rabbit was able to get a vague hint about Grid's identity.

'Perhaps he is…'

The legendary blacksmith. His name was Pagma. Maybe people only knew him as a great blacksmith, but Rabbit searched through related documents and found out that Pagma wasn't exactly a blacksmith.

'If he has inherited Pagma's skills…not only is he an excellent blacksmith, he also has excellent combat skills. Is Grid Pagma's Descendant? That's right. It is the most likely option.'

He never thought that the person he decided to be his business partner would've been a legend's descendant! Rabbit felt an enormous joy that was beyond words.

'I am lucky. This is an opportunity to sell works that contain Pagma's soul.'

If he worked with Pagma's Descendant, he could earn a profit that was equivalent to a huge business company. Rabbit was exuberant. He hastened his steps towards the Mero Company.

"R-Rabbit! You bastard!"

Valmont and Philipson, who hadn't yet noticed that the castle had collapsed from intruders, was caught by surprise by the attack. Philipson was murdered by a furious Euphemina after she discovered he had kidnapped a young girl.

Then Valmont and Baron Lowe were sent to Frontier and executed by Earl Steim.

But there was a variable.

“It is obvious that Rabbit saved the Winston residents from the crisis, but he has noticeably been the Mero Company's second hand man for a long time. Rabbit could be considered a felon for persecuting the residents of Winston, so I will sentence him to 10 years in prison."

Rabbit's mistake was to overlook that Earl Steim was a stern figure. Rabbit had expected his sins to be forgiven in recognition of his contribution to the downfall of the Mero Company and Baron Lowe, but he was unexpectedly sentenced to prison.

Rabbit was unhappy, but he had to accept it because it was the earl's decision.

"I have formed a relationship with Mr. Grid… It is regretful, but he recognizes my merits so I should just be glad about that."

Rabbit smiled as he went to prison. He was satisfied at just decorating one page of the biography of a future legend.

Winston entered a new era.

The village was upgraded to a city and the new lord of Winston, dispatched by Earl Steim, distributed exclusive merchandise to the residents and reimbursed the heavy debts of the residents.

The residents of Winston started talking about the heroes who freed them from their nightmare.

"Do you know the person called Rabbit? Originally, he was the second highest ranked person of the Mero Company, but he was unable to tolerate Valmont and Baron Lowe's evil, leading to their downfall. He is currently in prison, but he is the reason we can live like this now."

"Do you know the most beautiful woman in the world? Her heart is as beautiful as her face, and she ran alone into the castle to save the residents of Winston. She is the protagonist who caused Winston's peace."

“There was a young blacksmith. The young man with a strong sense of justice fought valiantly to protect the residents of Winston from the Mero Company and Baron Lowe. He tried to protect Khan's smithy and jumped into the dungeon to rescue the man who was arrested for trying to get to Earl Steim. I am over 80 years old this year and that man is young enough to be my grandchild, but I respect him regardless of his age. Such a just and courageous person is indeed rare."

Rabbit, the beauty and the young blacksmith. 

The travellers who came to Winston were exposed to stories of the three people from the residents. This was evidence that the three people's reputation had reached its peak in Winston.

Irene, Winston's new lady, showed great interest in the beauty and the young blacksmith.

"Anyway, their merits should be recognized. I would like to meet them as soon as possible."