[The +8 Holy Light Gloves’s option effect is activated, causing the skill ‘5 Joint Attacks’ to be generated!]

[The +9 Failure’s option effect is activated, causing the skill ‘5 Joint Attacks’ to be generated!]

[The +9 Failure’s option effect is activated, causing the skill ‘Bisect’ to be used!]

[Pinnacle Kill has completely ignored the target’s attack!]

[Critical!]

[The effect of the title ‘Death in One Shot!’ has been activated, adding 30% critical damage!]

[The weak spot has been attacked! Further damage will be dealt!!]

[Magic Missile has pierced the target.]

[Magic Missile has pierced the target.]

[Magic Missile...]

...

...

[You have dealt 23,230,470 damage to the target.]

[You have renewed the highest damage record!]

[The effectiveness of the title: ‘Death in One Shot’ has increased. Critical damage will increase by 10%!]

[You are establishing unparalleled damage achievements. The protection of War God Zeratul has slightly increased attack power, defense, and penetration power.]

[The blessings of God Dominion and War God Zeratul have combined to give the hidden passive skill ‘God’s Command.’]

[God's Command]

Rating: SSS

The strongest passive attack power skill related to domain and ruling ability.

When using an attack skill, there is a 50% chance to reset the cooldown. Reuse of a reset skill within 3 seconds won’t consume resources.

“Ugh...!”

The mass of notification windows was confusing. Grid dimly grasped that the notification windows contained positive contents. But he didn’t have time to verify the details. The situation was desperate.

'Shit!'

40 minutes. He had been moving through the community for a long time. Then he consumed his stamina avoiding the Queen Rat’s attacks while tying Alarm to Magic Missile. He freely took advantage of Alarm magic. But the result was the worst.

‘What is this crazy health?’

He had been uneasy since he saw that the stat Noe took from the Queen Rat was stamina. The Queen Rat was a perfect tank-type boss monster and didn’t die even after suffering heavy damage from Grid. She still had two-thirds of her health left. She was a monster with ridiculously high health.

“Pant... Pant... What the hell should I do against this rat?”

His stamina gauge was flashing. It was a warning that if he didn’t take a break right now, he would fall into a state of incapacity. But the monster. How could he rest when a boss monster was right in front of him?

"Noe, can you carry me and bring me away?”

“Nyahahat! I am the best demonic beast of hell! But I am too small to carry Master... Nyang.”

“Kuk.”

The best demonic beast of hell, a memphis. Grid had never once felt envious of other players since acquiring him. But at this moment, he felt envious.

‘I would’ve been able to run away if I had a wyvern.’

The Queen Rat couldn’t fly. If he had a bit more stamina remaining, Grid would be able to get away with Fly.

‘Mana isn’t a problem.’

His mana could be replenished by taking potions, but stamina could only recover naturally.

‘I still lack the ability to manage my stamina.’

There was never an end to learning. While Grid was thinking about his own shortcomings.

“Muoong... Hu...man... The enemy of my clan...”

The Queen Rat on the ground twitched and started to get up. The smooth and beautiful fur was now dirty with sweat, blood, and dust. However, her momentum was stronger than before. Her eyes were filled with the desire to tear Grid apart.

“Human...! You are weakened! Myaang!”

Thump thump thump thump.

Grid’s face became darker as the Queen Rat charged.

'It’s difficult to avoid. I have no choice but to fight in the immortal state.'

But this wasn’t an opponent that could be beaten in 5 seconds. He couldn’t see any chance of victory. However.

Kkuok!

Grid tightened his grip on Failure. In addition, he summoned Magic Missile and Alarm. The raid might fail, but he was determined to fight his best to the last minute. Who cared if he failed? He just wanted to become stronger. Grid planned to gather as much information about the Queen Rat as possible and use it as a springboard for the future.

‘If today’s raid fails, it will be different next time!’

It was the moment when Grid’s unique commitment appeared.

[The Legendary Blacksmith’s Patience skill has been activated.]

[Concentration, stamina, and defense will rise to the extremes for one hour.]

A skill with terrible activation conditions. Since becoming Pagma’s Descendant, he’d experienced the effect less than 10 times. There was a low probability of it activating when he was focused on making items, and then all his fatigue would disappear. The Legendary Blacksmith’s Patience filled up Grid’s flashing stamina gauge.

“Ah, really...”

A dark smile appeared on Grid’s face as he felt the lightening of his body.

“This feels like fate. Go, God Hands.”

It felt like he was born with the mission to destroy the big poisonous rats. It felt like he became the protagonist of the world at this moment. Grid aimed precisely at a gap in the Queen Rat, who lost her momentum because she was beaten by Mjolnir. He moved in the steps of a sword dance.

“Pagma’s Swordsmanship!”

“Myaang!”

“Linked Kill!”

Jjejeong!

Jjeejeeeong!

The Queen Rat had planned to crush Grid. The moment she was about to strike Grid’s head, Grid responded with a series of intense attacks.

[The hidden passive ‘God's Command’ has reset the cooldown of Linked Kill.]

“...Eh? Hidden passive?”

Grid realized that it was a skill he acquired a while ago that he hadn’t been able to look at! He was confused by it, but didn’t waste any time. He once again used Linked Kill on the Queen Rat who was floundering from the pain.

Jjeejeeeong!

"Muaaaaang!”

Linked Kill didn’t have the effect of ignoring defense, but it boasted explosive damage. Unless the target had extremely high defense, it was expected that the damage of Linked Kill would be higher than Pinnacle Kill. This strong attack struck twice in a row. The Queen Rat’s momentum was broken. 

“This male is so strong!”

The Queen Rat was dismayed to realized that Grid had hidden his power. The God Hands were constantly acting. They repeatedly caused stiffness in order to prevent any damage to Grid.

“Myaaaaaang!”

Peeng!

The Queen Rat broke through the sword and hammer bombardment. A powerful shock wave scattered Grid and the God Hands all over the place.

“Shit...! Don’t be fooled by the cute little monster!”

The God Hands and Grid were separated. It wasn’t an exaggeration to say that his defense had weakened by at least two times without the protection of the God Hands. The Queen Rat narrowed the distance and brandished the trident at Grid.

Chaaeng!

Chaeeeeeng!

Grid swapped to Sword Ghost and desperately defended against the onslaught. However, the basic difference in levels made it impossible for him to defend against properly.

Puok!

He could no longer endure the force and was stabbed in the side. 

Pepeok!

He missed the unusual trajectory of the tail and was hit in the cheek. There was a flashy kick that hit him on the chin, forcing his head back.

"Ku...ack!”

In the end, Grid allowed successive attacks and his health was exhausted, making him fall into the immortal state. Grid had only 5 seconds left. The worst result would happen if he couldn’t get rid of the Queen Rat in that time. Grid didn’t assume that the worst outcome would happen. It was the reason why he didn’t recall the God Hands in the distance.

[You have succeeded in combining the +9 Failure and the +9 Iyarugt!]

Mjolnir was a hammer and the God Hands were blacksmith’s hands. The blacksmith’s hands held the hammer and completed Item Combination in front of the portable furnace and anvil.

Peeok!

Pakak!

In the immortal state, Grid ignored the Queen Rat’s attacks and looked at the finished product on the anvil. He avoided the trident of the Queen Rat and commanded the God Hands.

"Throw Mjolnir! Item Transformation! Lifael’s Spear.”

Pepepepeok!

There was the additional acceleration effect of throwing Mjolnir, damaging the Queen Rat. Grid used this time to run to the portable furnace and grab the combined weapon.

“Pagma’s Swordsmanship.”

Grid used Blacksmith's Rage and started a sword dance. Beside him, 20 Magic Missiles and the four God Hands that transformed into Lifael’s Spear (Reproduction) aimed at the Queen Rat.

“Linked Kill Wave.”

Ku kwa kwa kwa kwa! Ku kwa kwa kwa kwa!

The blue and red energy blades, the 20 white flashes, and four golden spears shot at the Queen Rat. It wasn’t over.

[The hidden passive ‘God's Command’ has reset the cooldown of Linked Kill Wave.]

“Linked Kill Wave.”

A new rain of energy blades was unleashed.

"Muaaaaang!”

The Queen Rat tried to resist, but was too late. The 0.3 seconds of stiffness caused by the thrown Mjolnir earlier was fatal.

Kuwaaaaang!

The central part of the monster community was caught up in an explosion.

[The ruler of the big poisonous rat community, the Queen Rat, has been defeated!]

[The first gateway in the north of Pangea has been dealt with!]

[The title ‘Pangea’s New Star’ has been acquired!]

[The Queen Rat’s Walnut has been acquired.]

[The Queen Rat’s Fur has been acquired.]

[5 blessed weapon enhancement orders have been acquired.]

[4 blessed armor enhancement orders have been acquired.]

[Idan’s Frying Pan has been acquired.]

[Your level has risen!]

“Pant... Pant...”

He improved in the second half of the raid and was able to succeed. All his stamina was consumed in an instant and he couldn’t bear it anymore, flopping down on the ground. The struggle was over, so he checked the titles and rewards that he had acquired. Joy appeared on his face.