[Overgeared Skeleton (1) and Overgeared Skeleton (2) are gradually growing accustomed to the silver thread.] 

"Wow."

The Overgeared Skeletons had a concept of growing skeletons. The Overgeared Skeletons were so special that even Braham, who had the 'most of the world is trivial' mentality, advised that it would be better to give the Overgeared Skeletons an opportunity to learn.

However, the Overgeared Skeletons started at level 1 and their basic stats and growth rate were low. Grid didn't have much expectation for the Overgeared Skeletons.

'I thought they would be useless for a few more months.'

This was a mistake. The Overgeared Skeletons could be summoned freely within one meter of Grid. The Overgeared Skeletons were able to faithfully fulfill their role as a shield, even at level 1. Their potential was also exploding thanks to their unique learning abilities. It was amazing that they became accustomed to the silver thread after dying nine times. 

'The fact that they are accustomed to it means they've grasped the characteristics of the silver thread?'

The Overgeared Skeletons were able to analyze the elements of the silver thread and the attack patterns while dying nine times. Then they could construct a body that more effectively resisted the attacks of the silver thread.

'I would say that they are a two time shield, not a one time shield... No, that's too much.'

Once again, the Overgeared Skeletons were only level 1. At level 1, they had 3 strength, 3 stamina, 3 agility and 1 intelligence. Their total health was 45 points. The Overgeared Skeletons would still die even if they analyzed the silver thread and strengthened their bodies.

'Hrmm... Once I return to the village, I should catch chickens and raise their level.'

It was great to see the Overgeared Skeletons grow.

Kwa kwa kwa kwang!

Grid kept the armored needles in front of him in check. 

Chwarururuk!

The silver thread in the rear once again threatened Grid. Grid scoffed. He drank a mana potion and once again summoned the Overgeared Skeletons.

"Come out!"

Clack! Clack! 

 The Overgeared Skeletons made a distinctive sound as they emerged from the ground. Grid previously hated this noise, but now it sounded good.

'These pretty guys. Now, become a shield with that hardened body... Eh?'

Grid doubted his eyes. The Overgeared Skeletons summoned at the place where the silver thread was heading. The skeletons summoned to be a shield for their master were avoiding the silver thread instead?

"Eh?"

What were they doing? Of course, Grid standing behind the Overgeared Skeletons was hit by the silver thread instead.

Jjejejeok!

[You have been attacked!]

[The Protection Talisman has been activated!]

[A shield to block the damage has been created!]

[Your defense will increase by 20% for 2 minutes.]

"..."

He lost his talisman that he wanted to save for bosses? It was also because of his pet! Grid thought it was absurd and closed his eyes for a moment, before exploding in anger.

"You stupid things!"

He summoned them to act as shields, only for them to avoid the damage? The Overgeared Skeletons stared back at Grid.  There wasn't a single bit of guilt in their expressions. It was natural. A pet was obligated to be helpful to their master if summoned.

However, the Overgeared Skeletons had already been killed nine times by the silver thread. It meant the Overgeared Skeletons weren't faithful to their roles after growing. The sparkling thread killed them every time they were summoned. Their first priority was to survive and succeed.

[The Overgeared Skeletons (1) and Overgeared Skeletons (2) have acquired the skill 'Avoid the Silver Thread.']

[Avoid the Silver Thread]

Category: Passive

There is a low chance of avoiding the silver thread wielded by the armored needles.

'It isn't a rise in strength, but evasion.'

It was very rare for a pet to acquire the proper skill under their own judgment. The potential of the Overgeared Skeletons was very high.

'Can the skeleton warriors grow into death knights?'

Clack! Clack clack!   

Their ribs expanded as if they were talking to Grid. It was like they were waiting for compliments.

"Sigh... Yes, well done. Good job."

Grid lost a huge item, but he was glad to see the potential of the Overgeared Skeletons. Grid laughed and gave an order to the Overgeared Skeletons.

"Stand still and watch how I fight. It can be studied." 

Pepeng! Pepepepeng!

The duration of Transcend was over. Grid quickened the speed at which he swung the +9 Failure. He ignored controlling his stamina and did his best. But it wasn't a good situation. Why? The armored needles learned how to respond to Grid's ranged attacks.

Chwarururuk!

The armored needles crossed their silver thread with each other, entangling the silver thread like a spiderweb.

Kwa kwa kwa kwang!

Transcend was blocked by the spiderweb shield.

'This is great.'

Grid didn't panic, and instead felt admiration. He knew from the beginning that one strand of silver thread had strength higher than steel. It was rare for the dozens of silver thread layered together to not be able to block any physical force. Yes, it was rare.

"Pagma's Swordsmanship."

Taack!

The moment Transcend ended. Grid changed his combat style from intercepting from a distance. He rushed at the armored needles.

"What?"

Sua and the Red Phoenix members were startled. They were confused that the calm Grid would suddenly jump into the enemy.

"Plunging into the range of the silver thread...! It's dangerous!"

A member of the Red Phoenix group screamed out urgently. The armored needles were strongest when it came to melee ability. It was reckless for Grid to face six armored needles in close combat alone.

"Let's cover him."

Sua had the same thought. She decided that she needed to help Grid with the other Red Phoenix members. But after a moment.

"...Huh?"

"Ha!"

Sua and the Red Phoenix members stiffened.

"Pinnacle Kill."

The web of silver thread protecting the armored needles. There was a white flash as soon as it reached Grid.

Sakak-!

"...!"

The web of silver thread split to the left and right, scattering.  Then the armored needle in the front was split apart. It was the moment when the 'Bisect' effect of Failure and the ignore 100% defense of Pinnacle Kill was combined.

[Critical!]

[You have defeated an armored needle.]

[123,509,000 experience has been acquired.]

'Good!'

Once again, the experience lived up to the strength. Grid was delighted at gaining so much experience after defeating one armored needle. At the same time, he broke through the gap and fired Linked Kill.

Puk!

One hit.

Puk puk!

Two hits, three hits!

Puk puk puk!

Four hits, five hits, six hits!!

It was difficult for the armored needles to endure after being subjected to the bombardment of Linked Kill Wave and Linked Kill. They turned to grey as soon as their health was exhausted. But Grid couldn't let go of his tension. The largest fused armored needle remained.

"Nyang! It hurts!"

Noe screamed from where he was struggling to tie up the fused armored needle alone. Grid hastily shifted his gaze and saw that Noe's plump body was full of wounds. His fur was covered in dirt and blood. His tail was hanging down and his eyes were moist.

Grid used Restraint to save Noe that was tied up by the silver thread. The fused armored needle stepped back from Grid and the silver thread around Noe was loosened. 

"Miong."

Noe flapped his wings tirelessly. He rushed towards Grid, who rubbed Noe's head. 

"You suffered. Go and rest."

"Nyang... I will be looking forward to a delicious meal."

Noe immediately returned to the pet inventory. Now the fused armored needle recognized Grid as an enemy.

"Kyaooooh!"

Teteteteng!

Dozens of silver threads shot towards Grid like a bullet.

Gulp!

Grid swallowed his saliva. The gatekeeper had the same strength as the armored needle. Grid lost 2,303 health when hit by a fist. If he was attacked by the fused armored needle, it meant that a minimum of 23,000 health would be lost. Of course, it was likely that the damage would be much higher. Even Grid would shrink back, despite his high health.

"Quick Movements!"

The silver thread aimed at their target. Grid used a buff to increase his agility and then used Randy and the God Hands to defend. However, the God Hands and Randy could only defend from two or three silver strands each. The rest of the silver thread had to be blocked with Grid's own power.

"Link!"

Chaaeng!

Chaeeeeeng!

It had been a few minutes since they started fighting. Grid was relatively familiar with the pattern of the silver thread and knew that it was difficult to avoid. But the number of silver threads controlled by the fused armored needle was nearly three times higher than the ordinary armored needles. It meant there were still hidden silver threads!

Chwarururuk!

As Grid struck the silver thread, the fused armored needle fired several more.

'This is bad!'

It couldn't be avoided. The moment that Grid thought so, several silver thread pierced his chest.  Sua and the Red Phoenix members paled.

"Pangea's Duke of Virtue!"

"Grid!"

Grid was dead. Everybody thought so. However...

[Lantier's Cloak has reduced the damage of all stabbing and cutting attacks by 20%.]

[Triple Layers has reduced physical damage by 30%.]

[Triple Layers has reduced the damage of stabbing attacks by 50%.]

[You have suffered 2,195 damage.]

[You have suffered 2,308 damage.]

[You have suffered 2,240....]

[You have suffer...]

...

...

[The enemy's weapon has been caught by the niches in Triple Layers and Sword Break is used.]

[The target's weapon durability has dropped.]

"..."

What? The attack was more itchy than painful! Grid was surprised by the unexpected result, while Sua and the Red Phoenix members were more stunned. It was natural.

Jjejejejeok!

The silver thread was caught in the gaps in Triple Layers and cracked!

"T-This is impossible..."

The silver thread that had killed so many people was damaged by armor. But Grid was fine and managed to neutralize the silver thread.

"How? How are you so strong?"

Sua asked in a trembling voice and Grid replied.

"It's being overgeared."

Peeeeeong!

The head of the fused armored needle was blown away.