I didn't leave the smithy for the entirety of last month .  From the moment I connected to Satisfy to the time I logged out, I stayed at the smithy the whole time .  In the meantime, I was able to establish some facts that I knew dimly or discovered new facts .

First, making the same items repeatedly wasn't effective in raising the skill experience . Every time I made a different item, the skill experience would rise at a good rate .

Secondly, the better the materials, the higher the possibility that the item would have a higher rating .

For example, when making two iron swords based on the same production method, the iron sword with the poor-quality metal had a close to 100% chance of being a normal rating, whereas the one made with the finest metal had a relatively high probability of receiving a rare rating .

Thirdly, even when I was making items with the same production method and materials, the ones that I spent longer on were the ones that were more likely to have a higher rating .

It was very fortunate that I managed to make a unique dagger in only three hours . I had to invest at least half an hour if I wanted to make an item higher than a rare rating .  In other words, the number of items that could be produced in one day was very limited, so increasing my stats wasn't as easy of a feat as I thought it would be .

Fourthly, if I wanted to be a good blacksmith, I had to invest points in stamina, as well as in strength and in dexterity .

The equipment and minerals used in a smithy were mostly heavy, so I needed high strength to work efficiently . When making an item, I needed to have a lot of stamina if I didn't want to become exhausted .

So I really liked my high strength and stamina stat .

“Pant pant…aren't you still young? You can't be exhausted yet . "

Unlike Khan who took a break every time an item was completed, I was able to produce items constantly without taking a break when I was connected to Satisfy .

In the past month, I created 73 items, meaning I produced an average of two or more items a day .  11 of the 73 items had a rare rating and 3 of the 73 had an epic rating . As a result, all of my stats increased by 34 points .

I currently had 11 types of stats: strength, stamina, agility, intelligence, dexterity, persistence, composure, indomitable, dignity, insight and courage .  If 11 stats increased by 34 points each, this meant it was increased by 374 points, which was equivalent to gaining 37 levels .

But I was dissatisfied .  Why? I made 73 items . I invested at least six hours every time I made an item . The materials were also as good as possible within my range .

However, I never made one unique rated item, let alone a legendary one .  Wasn't this too much?

‘I only got three epic rated items… Crazy . Is this a legendary blacksmith? Ah, I'm so tired . '

Every time I made an item, I earnestly prayed for a unique rating . However, it was almost always a normal rating . Every time, I felt an incredible sense of disappointment and wanted to curse at the game .

The only comfort was that the level of my production skills increased .

[Legendary Blacksmith's Craftsmanship Skill] 

Lv . 2

Produce equipment items that you know how to make .

You can create the production methods for a new item with the 'Legendary Blacksmith's Creation' skill .

There is a certain probability of producing rare~ epic rated items .

There is a rare probability of creating unique rated items .

There is a very rare probability of creating legendary rated items .

All stats of a production item will increase by 12% .

* When rare rated items are produced, all stats will permanently rise by +2 and reputation throughout the continent will rise by +30 .

* When epic rated items are produced, all stats will permanently rise by +4 and reputation throughout the continent will rise by +80 .

* When unique rated items are produced, all stats will permanently rise by +12 and reputation throughout the continent will rise by +300 .

* When legendary rated items are produced, all stats will permanently rise by +25 and reputation throughout the continent will rise by +1,000 .

* Something special will occur with every five legendary items created .

[Legendary Blacksmith's Creation Skill]

You can create three equipment item production methods every time the skill level of the 'Legendary Blacksmith's Craftsmanship Skill' goes up .

Number of items that can be created at present: 5/6 .

* When items are produced using this skill, the name of the creator is automatically placed on the item .

[Legendary Blacksmith's Breath] 


Sponsored Content
Lv . 2

When you are concentrating on making an item, the will of Pagma's Descendant will fill the production item .

All stats of a production item will increase by 7% .

There is a rare chance of giving special features to your production items .  

 In addition to the increase in my skill levels, there was something else that was gratifying .  I had created dozens of items in Khan's smithy over the past month .  Khan wanted to pass on as much knowledge to me as possible before he retired, so I was given one new production method every day .

This was an enormous harvest . The original method of acquiring production items was to perform specific quests, and the level of difficulty varied .  Thus, it was very difficult to find item production methods . I was fortunate enough to acquire many production methods without the need for separate quests, thanks to being Khan's successor .

I pulled out a book from my inventory . The title was 'List of Items Production Methods . ' The book described the details of the production methods I learned .  The table of contents had expanded .  Starting from my own 'Failure' to the Jaffa Arrows I learned in Bairan, to the dozens of works acquired from Khan…

It was exciting .

'When I was in Bairan Village, I had only four production methods, including the axe, pickaxe, Jaffa Arrow and Failure…'

When I looked at the production methods, Euphemina entered my mind .

'Why hasn't that woman come with the method to create the orb?'

Euphemina wanted me to make an orb for her .  That's why it was highly likely that she would bring the best production method .  Then I would be able to get my hands on a production method for free .

I was happy just imagining it .  No, wait…

“If…if there is only one chance… what if Euphemina brings me the production method and materials, only for me to make a normal-rated orb?"

Would she take my life? Maybe Euphemina would keep me locked up somewhere until I managed to complete a unique rated orb .

"If it is her…" I recalled the psychotic smile on Euphemina's face as she burned the lord's bodyguards .  "…What will she do to me?"

I no longer waited for Euphemina .  Rather, I wished that she would never show up .  I shook with terror . Then the door of the smithy opened .

"Hiik! E-Euphemina?!"

There was an old saying that a tiger would come when mentioned . It felt like Euphemina had been waiting for me to mention her .  Fortunately, the people who arrived at the smithy wasn't Euphemina . At first glance, they looked like two incredibly high-level male users .

"Is this Khan's smithy?"

“I am Khan… why are you looking for me?"

They started questioning Khan .  “You competed in the item production game with a traveller called Erina a month ago right?"

"That's right…"

“Is she really a blacksmith? Did you witness her making the item with your own eyes?"

“The question is strange . Is she a blacksmith? Of course she is a blacksmith . She was hired by the Mero Company to participate in the game and I have directly experienced her great blacksmith skills . No, who on earth are you? Why are you asking such strange questions?"

The men disregarded Khan's question and talked among themselves . Then they asked Khan again .

“Is the Mero Company the only organization involved in the item production game? Is there any chance of other organizations being involved?"

"Cough!"

Displeasure appeared on Khan's face .  He had been friendly because they were young boys of a similar age to his son, but they ignored his questions and only cared about themselves .  The men didn't care at all about Khan .  Rather, they began to talk over Khan .

“Why aren't you answering? If you know anything, shouldn't you tell me? It is better if you don't waste our time . "

It was like a threat .

How funny .

This was Khan's smithy . These people were guests . They weren't in the position to question Khan . Then what was with their attitude?

They were talking down to Khan, who was similar to their grandfathers .  They were ignoring Khan because he was an NPC . In fact, this wasn't unusual among users .  Certainly, NPCs weren't human . They were just part of the system program, artificial intelligences .

But I knew .   Despite being artificially made, Khan had his own memories and feelings .  He could feel anger and hopelessness . He could cry when sad and laugh when happy .   He was someone I could count on .  And sometimes he missed his dead son .

So I was angry at those who treated Khan casually .  "Hey, you over there, what is with your attitude? What right do you have to threaten Khan? Eh?"

They looked me up and down and laughed as they saw my dirty clothes and old blacksmith hammer .


Sponsored Content

"Who is this? When did he get here?"

What? Why were they speaking impolitely when I wasn't an NPC?

"When did I get here? I am obviously an employee here . Why are you so arrogant when entering someone else's business? Huh? Is this your business?"

“Arrogant? Don't make me laugh . We just want cooperation . "

"Is that the attitude of someone seeking cooperation?"

“Hah… should we have visited with orange juice?"

I really hated people like this . Looking at their equipment, they seemed to be rankers close to level 200 . However, I couldn't help being honest when seeing their expressions .

His companion started mediation .  “You shouldn't get so heated up against a beginner . "

"Sigh, okay . I have to calm down . Damn, my nerves are irritated after Faker was attacked . Hey, beginner blacksmith, we are looking for the woman . We are in a hurry to find here so we were inadvertently rude to the NPC . It was a mistake .  I'm sorry . Is it okay now? So please move out of the way . "

“You should apologize to Khan, not me . "

"……"

They started ignoring me . They asked Khan once again .

"Khan, answer me . Do you know if Erina is associated with any organizations besides the Mero Company?"

Was he worried that I would get hurt? Khan hid me behind his back and replied . 