“It’s virtually impossible to create an item with all-encompassing effects...”

The myth rated Red Phoenix Bow and Lifael’s Spear only had one attribute. The materials used to make an item were limited, so it was theoretically impossible to create all-rounder items. But the weapon Grid wanted didn’t necessarily have to be ‘all-rounder.’

‘How... Ah!’

The Item Transformation skill passed through Grid’s head, followed by Item Combination and Sword Ghost.

‘Is it possible to make an item that can transform or combine without using the skills?’

Like a detachable Sword Ghost!

'I have caught a strand!’

The excited Grid noted some of the options and information of Sword Ghost.

[+7 Sword Ghost]

Rating: Legendary

...

...

* Can be separated into small and large pieces.

* When separated, the attack power of the small and large piece are applied separately.

...

...

There are two knobs, one in the middle of the blade and one in the bottom, made of drake fangs. Turning the knob in the middle will separate the pieces. In addition, you can deal serious damage to the enemy’s mind if you hit the enemy with these knobs.

Since the surface is entirely black and the circumference of the blade and the knob is the same, it isn’t easy to distinguish the knob with the naked eye.

...

...

‘What if I make multiple Sword Ghosts with different attributes that can be separated and attached?’

It would have the all-purpose ability that he dreamt of! He could use a suitable blade depending on the situation!

‘However, the problem is...’

There was an inevitable gap in the process of attaching and detaching the blade. Grid summoned the Sword Ghost from the inventory. Then he separated them and reattached them.

‘0.5 seconds for separation and 0.7 seconds for attachment.’

In addition, it took another 0.5 seconds to retrieve a new blade from the inventory.

‘Around two seconds...’

This speed was possible because Grid had high dexterity and was familiar with swapping items. An ordinary person would take a minimum of four seconds. But that wasn’t comforting.

‘All the enemies I have to deal with are far from ordinary.'

Monsters, NPCs, and players. The enemies that Grid had to confront in the future were all transcendent. Revealing a gap of two seconds to them would be fatal. ‘The protection of the God Hands isn’t absolute and it isn’t possible to summon Tiramet right now.’ He could protect his body with the two Overgeared Skeletons, but it was limited to two attacks in total. It was difficult to rely on them. He couldn’t use the Overgeared Skeletons as a shield forever.

“...Ah?”

Grid suddenly stopped frowning. He succeeded in thinking of a new idea.

‘Silver thread!’

[Silver Thread]

Attack Power: 100~????

Durability: 1,000/1,000

Fragments of silver armor that have been shaped in the blood vessels of the armored needles for many years.

Unlike ordinary silver thread that only has a thin coating of silver, this is made of pure silver. It also contains the powerful magic power of the armored needle.

Depending on the skill level of the user, it can be used in various ways due to its different forms.

* It is classified as a secondary weapon.

Conditions of Use: Secondary Weapons Mastery Advanced Level 5. More than 2,000 dexterity.

* The silver thread can be shot quickly if you have more than 2,000 dexterity.

* If you have more than 2,500 dexterity, you can twist 5 or less strands of silver thread together to create the desired shape.

* If you have more than 3,000 dexterity, you can twist 10 or less strands of silver thread together to create the desired shape.

* If you have more than 4,000 dexterity, the speed at which you can control the silver thread is doubled.

*  If you have more than 5,000 dexterity, you can twist 20 or less...

...

...

* The silver thread can be used as a material for making items. However, a craftsman level blacksmithing skill is required.

Weight: 5

He only explored the possibilities of using the silver thread as a secondary weapon. Until now, Grid had focused on using the silver thread as a secondary weapon. But reality was cruel.

‘It’s hard for me to use the silver thread in practice.’

It was too difficult to utilize the silver thread, even with Grid’s high dexterity. There was no time to control the silver thread while using the sword and magic.  In particular, the silver thread wouldn’t work against strong opponents such as Agnus. It wasn’t reasonable to be obsessed with using the silver thread as a secondary weapon. 

‘Let’s use it as an item making material.’

In the first place, the silver thread was a ‘material that all blacksmiths of the East Continent dreamt about having.’ Grid had forgotten about this fact while obsessing with the silver thread as a secondary weapon. Grid was able to think more rationally than before since dealing with Agnus.

‘Putting the thread between blades... If I use this as an item making material, it would be a highly useable secondary weapon.’

The usage that Grid thought about?

"Being drawn together!”

“Nyang?”

Noe was surprised by Grid’s sudden and loud shout. Grid stroked the head of the little guy whose eyes had become rounded.

"I can connect the parts of Sword Ghost with the silver thread. With one click of the button, the silver thread will be pulled and the blades will fly, automatically attaching to the Sword Ghost!”

“...Nyang?”

Noe couldn’t understand what was happening. Noe made a confused expression, but the excited Grid didn’t care.

"It is easy to imagine it as Spiderman shooting a thread from the wrist. I will make an item.”

One of Grid’s few advantages was that he wasn’t indecisive. Once decided, he acted quickly.

“Legendary Blacksmith’s Creation!”

[Legendary Blacksmith’s Creation]

You can create three equipment item production methods every time the skill level of the ‘Legendary Blacksmith’s Craftsmanship Skill’ goes up.

Number of items that can be created at present: 10/24.]

* When items are produced using this skill, the name of the creator is automatically placed on the item. 

[What item do you want to create?]

“Secondary weapon. With a single click of the button, the tool will pull or loosen the silver thread.”

[...Analyzing your intentions. I understand. I will inform you after understanding the item information of the silver thread.]

“...”

It was a pattern that had never been seen before. Grid was a little nervous but waited quietly. But the system was silent. He waited one minute, two minutes then five minutes. However, nothing was said.

‘It isn’t possible?’

He wanted to explain the exact item but maybe he had explained too much.

‘I need to be more specific...’

The moment Grid was about to explain again.

[The analysis of the silver thread is over. I have grasped the intentions of the item you want to create. Are you sure you want to create it?]

“...!”

Indeed, the supercomputer! Grid marvelled at the comprehension of Satisfy and nodded.

“Yes!”

[What materials would you like to use?]

"I will attach it to the handle of the Sword Ghost, so it should be the same material.”

Grid confirmed there was a small amount of drake’s fang remaining and decided to use it as the material. A blank blueprint appeared in front of him.

[Please design the item.]

‘The outline...’

The Legendary Blacksmith’s Creation was convenient to use. Even if the user had no knowledge of the item he wanted to create, it would be completed with the help of the system. Grid trusted in this and filled in the blank blueprint. He designed a small square box that wouldn’t be disturbed when attached to the handle of the Sword Ghost and designed a spinning fan. It was intended to loosen or pull the silver thread according to the direction of the fan.

‘It will be done by clicking the button outside the box.'

Slowly, slowly. He wasn’t a professional but he did it carefully. Grid spend two hours constantly revising and designing the box. However, the completed design was too poor. It was a small box five centimetres in diameter that was made of drake fangs. There were two buttons on the outside and a fan that rotated clockwise or anticlockwise depending on which button was clicked. The fan would pull or loosen the silver thread according to the rotation.

Grid’s idea was very simple.

“I will put several of these boxes on the handle of the Sword Ghost. At the end of the silver thread, I will hang new types of blades that will be produced. Then I will automatically attach and detach the desired blade with one click of a button.”

[...]

The design was over. Yet there was no response from the system. It seemed difficult to interpret Grid’s design.

“...A failure.”

Perhaps he tried too much.

‘I should go to the Internet and think of the scientific structure.’

The moment that Grid sighed and was going to log out.

[Have you decided? When you complete the blueprint, the number of available creation skill will decrease by one.]

“Oh...!”

The Legendary Blacksmith’s Creation skill was better than Grid expected. This was the power of the supercomputer called Morpheus.

“I have decided!”

The moment Grid spoke.

Suksak suksak.

Numbers and languages quickly covered Grid’s blueprint. All types of figures were being calculated in real time. The system was doing its best to supplement the contents of the design created by Grid. After a few minutes.

[Please describe the characteristics of the item.]

The rebuilding of the blueprint was over! The appearance of the box in the design was the same as Grid’s original design, but the internal structure was based on a level that the system could understand.

‘The energy source of the fan is mana.’

Mana was consumed every time he used it. But Grid accepted this, since he was just thankful that the item was created successfully. He smiled and explained.

“It’s a secondary tool that can detach a blade with one click of a button. The blade connected to the silver thread will usually stay in the inventory and will appear when the button is pressed! Then it will pop out! And it will be mounted on the handle. Huhut.”

A highly practical item! Grid explained the concept of the newly created secondary tool with enthusiasm. But then the system struck.

[It is impossible to reproduce this due to Satisfy’s settings. The silver thread on the outside of the inventory can’t be linked to blades stored separately in the inventory.  They should be in the same place since they are connected items.]

“...?”

[It is recommended that you make a separate storage space to store the blades connected with the silver thread.]

“...”

(He held a handle in calloused hands and 10 large blades around his body.)

It was an image of the Overgeared King that would later be on everyone’s lips.