‘Enhanced... Just like the byproduct of the divine creatures, the byproduct of a great demon is also a myth rated material.’

It was natural when thinking about the existence of a great demon. It was right that Belial’s Horn would be a material superior to ordinary materials.

“Good...”

Grid’s expectations were amplified. Considering that the weapons made with Belial’s Horn exerted the greatest power, the blade made with the Enhanced Belial’s Horn would far surpass it.

‘There might be 2~4 options attached, possibly more...!'

Duguen! Duguen!

Grid’s heart thumped wildly with joy.

‘Calm down.’

Grid was aware from numerous experiences how important composure was. He was afraid that he would be in a hurry when working and become disappointed. Therefore, Grid took deep breaths and controlled his mind. He try to soothe his excited heart.

“...”

Despite feeling expectant of the result produced by the Enhanced Belial’s Horn, his excited mind became calm.

“...”

He couldn’t hear the voices of the blacksmiths gathered around him.

“...”

He looked back on his techniques. He looked back on his mistakes. He looked back on his goals. Time flowed.

“...!”

The blacksmiths watching Grid held their breaths. Belial’s Horn that had been emitting fire and demonic energy. Grid stared at it and his eyes deepened like an abyss.

‘A bright and clean mind...!’

Khan and the blacksmiths got goosebumps.

Ttaaaaaang!

The sound of Grid hitting Belial’s Horn made a clear sound that resonated through the huge smithy. 

‘Ah...!’

White from the White Hammer Smithy, Enoch from the Blue Flames Smithy, Byuksan of the Black Anvil Smithy, and Lahochu of the Red Tongs Smithy. They were praised as the four great blacksmiths of Pangea. Now they were inspired by Grid’s techniques!

[White has reached new enlightenment as a blacksmith of the Overgeared Kingdom! He has been blocked by the wall of the Advanced Blacksmith’s technique and now has room to grow into a craftsman!]

[Enoch has reached new enlightenment as a blacksmith of the Overgeared Kingdom! He has been blocked by the wall of the Advanced Blacksmith’s technique and now has room to grow into a craftsman...] 

[Byuksan has reached new enlightenment as a blacksmith of the Overgeared Kingdom! He has been blocked by the wall of the Advanced Blacksmith’s technique...]

[Lahochu has reached new enlightenment as a blacksmith of the Overgeared Kingdom! He has been blocked by the wall...]

“Oh... Ohhhhhh!”

Khan’s elderly body shook. The bright future of a blacksmith kingdom, the Overgeared Kingdom, was unfolding beautifully in his head. He was eager. He wanted to survive longer and see Grid’s works. He wanted to do more for the bright future of the Overgeared Kingdom. This desire was passed on to Grid.

‘Khan.’

Ttang! Ttang!

Grid reached his peak while tempering Belial’s Horn. He felt the burning aspiration of someone who was sometimes a friend, sometimes a teacher, and sometimes a father. Thus, he poured even more strength and skill into his hammering.

‘Don’t think about dying until you learn from all my skills.’

His first friend, Grid wanted to be with Khan forever. This wish raised Grid’s concentration to a higher level. A stage of self-transcendence. Now Grid forgot even himself. He couldn’t distinguish himself from the hammer and as a result, Belial’s Horn became further tempered.

[You are extremely concentrated and the Legendary Blacksmith’s Breath skill has been activated.]

[You are extremely concentrated and the Legendary Blacksmith’s Patience skill has been activated.]

[You are extremely concentrated and the Legendary Blacksmith’s Breath skill has been activated.]

[You are extremely concentrated and the Legendary Blacksmith’s Patience skill has been activated.]

[You are extremely con...]

...

...

Ttaaang!

Every time he hit it with the hammer, Belial’s Horn would flash red and black. The material to make the strongest weapon in existence gradually took the shape of a blade.

“...It’s finally over.”

After a long time, the result came out. It was beyond Grid’s expectations.

[Blade Born from Enlightenment and Strong Desires]

Rating: Myth

Durability: 1,660/1,660    Attack Power: 3,500

* 20% increase in physical attack power. 

* 20% increase in magic attack power. 

* 30% bonus fire attribute damage. 

* 30% bonus dark attribute damage. 

* Deals an additional 50% damage to sacred beings.

* There is a certain probability of flames (large) being released when attacking.

* There is a low probability of illusions being released when attacking.

★ There is a certain probability of a black flames explosion when attacking. 

* The skill ‘Enlightenment’ is created.

* The skill ‘Ecstasy of Desire’ is created. 

It is a blade that will become a myth beyond a legend. The owner of this blade will leave countless achievements and will be the protagonists of hymns that future generations will sing. 

Of course, this is a story for when the blade is attached to a handle. It isn’t possible to use the blade with no handle.

The blacksmith Grid has surpassed the skills of a god and has shared his enlightenment and aspirations with others.

The blinking flames on this silvery blade show an artistry that is rare even in dragon lairs.

The hidden function of ‘black flames’ has been implemented because the features of Belial’s Horn have been drawn out to the extremes.

The explosion of black flames will ignore all fire resistance and dark resistance of the target and will ruin the area.

Conditions of Use: Under the premise that a handle is attached, the three highest ranked use of each class in which a sword can be equipped.

Weight: 1,999

[Enlightenment Lv. 1]

A persistent passive.

Increases character experience and skill experience acquisition by 10%, and accuracy and evasion by 20%.

* Skills attached to myth rated items can be upgraded.

[Ecstasy of Desire Lv. 1]

A conditionally triggered passive.

When fighting an enemy with a higher level than yourself, there is a very low probability of entering a ‘selfless’ state if your health drops below a certain point.

Your attack power will increase by three times and your evasion by 99% for 20 seconds.

However, defense will fall to 0.

* Skills attached to myth rated items can be upgraded.

“Uh... Um...”

Of the options that were possible when making a weapon out of Belial’s Horn, Grid had uncovered eight. But now he saw nine things in total. And all nine of them were attached to his weapon.

“...This is really amazing.”

The flames (large) that had a certain chance of being emitted was a secondary effect that applied 5,000 fixed damage. Of course, damage wasn’t fully applied to targets with fire resistance, but this wasn’t a disadvantage. Grid always wanted the fire release option. Yet there were eight options as well as the fire release one. No, nine options were allocated.

Grid had especially high anticipation for the hidden attribute of black flames.

‘A unique property that ignores fire and dark resistance...’

The explosion was also likely to be a splash attack. Maybe it would be similar to the 5,000 damage of the flames (large). No, it would show great destructive power even if it dealt only half of that damage.

‘Next.’

It might not be comparable to Kraugel’s Super Sensitivity, but the Enlightenment effect would be very helpful in battle. Starting with the durability and attack power, all the options were perfect. There was only one problem.

‘Ecstasy of Desire...’

It was a skill that reminded of the legendary weapon Sword of Self-transcendence produced during his beginner days. Strictly speaking, it could be called a higher state than self-transcendence. Perfect State of Self-Transcendence was a skill that caused the user to lose their ego in exchange for doubling all stats. They would also be defenseless for two seconds after the duration ended.

‘Certainly... It is a hundred times better than the Perfect State of Self-Transcendence skill. It’s much more powerful to have my attack power triple than my stats doubling.’

Furthermore, his evasion increased to 99%. It meant he could avoid 99 out of 100 attacks. It was almost a cheat key. But as mentioned before, there was a problem. It was also a deadly one. 

‘Defense will become zero...’ 

Didn’t it mean a 1% chance of being hit? Grid had a 99% evasion rate, so from an ordinary person’s point of view, having zero defense wasn’t something to worry about. But who was Grid? He was an unlucky person. The probability of 1% was too annoying.

‘Ah, damn... I feel like this is a troll skill...’

No, he shouldn’t jump to conclusions. Grid shook his head and pulled out the Sword Ghost with the Pulling Device attached to it. Then he tied the Enlightenment Blade to the other end of the silver thread.

“...”

The blacksmiths were still unable to grasp the identity of the pulling device and showed great interest. They were excited to finally find out the use of the box. Then...

Ttalkak.

Grid pressed a button. Then.

Chwarururuk!

Clink!

The Enlightenment Blade flew and was automatically fitted to the Sword Ghost. Grid’s intention was revealed. There was a reason why Grid tried the Sword Ghost as a handle. The reason...

[Sword Ghost (Small Piece) and the Blade Born from Enlightenment and Strong Desires have been combined. The item information will be updated.]

[Sword Born from Enlightenment and Strong Desires]

Rating: Myth

...

...

* For every attack that hits the same target, 10% attack power will accumulate (up to 100%).

A sword that will become a myth beyond a legend.

The owner of this sword will leave countless achievements and will be the protagonists of hymns that future generations will sing. 

...

...

...

The Sword Ghost was a sword designed to exert the best power in combat. Compared to other weapons, it was very comfortable to handle and had the option of exerting extreme attack power. It was easy to use and strong. Grid was obsessed with the Sword Ghost because he wanted to add the strength of the Sword Ghost to his new blade. This was the result.

Clack!

Chwaruruk!

Clink!

Once he clicked the button again, the blade separated from the handle. It flew through the air, was grabbed by a God Hand and inserted into Grid’s waist belt. This item swap was at the speed of light.

“...Huh.”

The blacksmiths couldn’t close their mouths after grasping Grid’s intent.

[You have failed to enhance the +0 Blade Born from Enlightenment and Strong Desires.]

[You have failed to enhance the +0 Blade Born from Enlightenment and Strong Desires.]

[You have failed to enhance the +0 Blade Born from Enlightenment and Strong...]

“...”

Grid shed tears. He tasted the pain of his heart breaking despite hearing from Jishuka that myth rated weapons were difficult to enhance.

“XX.”

Grid forgot his dignity and cursed before leaving the smithy. He intended to relieve his stress and test the power of the weapon by hitting the scarecrows in the training ground.

After a moment.

Kuwaaaaaang!

“Pounding Mortar?”

Reinhardt shook. It was like the shock that occurred when Piaro and Kraugel competed in Reidan. 