‘I can use this to avoid the monsters in Kesan Canyon, then I can sell them to people and quickly pay off my debt.’

Grid felt tremendous satisfaction as he saw the Hooded Zip Up that he created.

‘Am I surprisingly a hidden genius? I actually created such a fraudulent item!’

The materials required to create the Hooded Zip Up were 20 sylphid scales. Grid asked Khan with a light heart. “Where do the sylphids live? Do I need to hunt them to get the scales?”

“Hmm?” Khan looked surprised at my question, then burst out laughing. “Hahaha! What? Hunt the sylphids? What are you saying? Unless you’re an elementalist, it’s impossible to find sylphids with the human eyes. But hunting them? Hahahaha!”

“…What?”

It was like a bolt out of the blue. Grid’s face turned red. Then he grabbed Khan and shouted. “No, what? You should’ve told me sooner! Then where can I obtain sylphid scales?”

Grid was sincerely angry. He was afraid this would be the same as Failure.

‘I have already created the production method! I must obtain the materials to make it!’

Khan was confused by Grid’s appearance and hurriedly explained, “Sylphids can’t be found, but there is a way to obtain their scales. Just hunt the frostlight orcs. Then you will be able to obtain the sylphid scales.”

“Frostlight orcs? What are they? How can I obtain sylphid scales from them?”

Grid  really didn’t know anything. No, it was more appropriate to say the sylphid scales and frostlight orcs were unfamiliar to general users. In the case of the sylphids, they were classified as elementals, so most people didn’t even know they existed. Meanwhile, the frostlight orcs lived far from people, so they weren’t well known.

“The frostlight orcs are monsters inhabiting the snowy north. They have blue skin, unlike the regular orcs with green skin, more intelligence, and are 1.5 times greater in size. They are extremely strong against the cold, but their weakness is fire.”

“What’s the relationship between them and the sylphids?”

“The frostlight orcs have a sixth sense that can detect and hunt sylphids. They like to keep the sylphid scales as treasures. In other words, you can obtain sylphid scales if you hunt the frostlight orcs.”

“Ohh! Okay! Orcs are easy to hunt, so I’ll gather a lot of scales!”

This was different from Failure. The materials to make it could be obtained. Khan watched the excited Grid with concerned eyes.

“Hey Grid, stay alert. As I mentioned, the frostlight orcs are different from common orcs. They are very powerful. If you don’t aim at their weakness well, you won’t be able to injure them.”

Grid snorted.

‘Orcs are easy.’

Orcs, goblins, kobolds! These three species represented easy monsters in Satisfy. They were monsters for level 10~40 users to hunt. Grid knew this, so he ignored Khan’s advice.

‘I need to prepare winter clothes for the cold.’

Grid equipped the hammer that he had made.

 

[Unknown Blacksmith’s Hammer]

Rating: Epic

Durability: 350/350   Attack Power: 70~80 

Odds of Making a Rare Rated Item: +17% 

Odds of Making an Unique Rated Item: +7%

A blacksmith’s hammer made by a craftsman with great skills and potential, but his experience and reputation is somewhat lacking.

This is a hammer produced by the craftsman himself, so it isn’t suitable for other blacksmiths to use. 

Conditions of Use: Pagma&r

squo;s Descendant

Weight: 80 

 

Grid was confident. It was unlikely for him to create a normal rated item with this hammer.

‘I should at least make a rare rated item. In addition, a lot of epic items will come out.’

Grid was full of confidence as he asked Khan. “How do I make armor with excellent cold resistance.”

“If you use giant brown bear leather…”

That day. Khan taught Grid how to make giant brown bear leather armor and he spent 20 hours making it. And the next morning! Grid finished the armor with a level limit of 130, and the information popped up in front of him.

 

[Warm Giant Brown Bear Leather Armor]

Rating: Normal

Durability: 200/200    Defense: 143

* Cold resistance will increase by 15%.

A giant brown bear leather armor made by a craftsman with great skills and potential, but his experience and reputation is somewhat lacking.

The wearer will be able to feel warm even in winter. It has enough defense to protect the wearer from sharp weapons. However, it is vulnerable to blunt instruments.

User Restriction: Level 130 or higher. Intermediate Leather Armor Mastery. 

Weight: 300

 

Grid was frustrated.

“Norma… normal? This is crazy! Nonsense!”

He invested 20 hours in production time and used the finest quality bear leather. In addition, he had the hammer that increased the odds of making an epic item. Nevertheless, he still made a normal item. How unlucky was he?

“This is manipulation… Clearly… The manipulation of those scummy operators!”

He was the only legendary blacksmith among two billion users, so why could he only make normal items? It was a phenomenon that couldn’t be understood! Grid wanted to log out right now and go to S.A Group’s headquarters. Then he would shout until the president emerged. But!

“… If I have the guts to do that, I would’ve done it sooner.”

Every time he made an item, he expected it to be finished with a high rating., However, most of the items had a normal rating and he was always disappointed. Therefore, he was already used to being disappointed.

That’s why Grid quickly calmed himself and started making gloves, boots, a cloak and a hat using the giant brown bear leather. Unlike armor, the gloves, boots, cloak and hat required less detail, so the time required to make them wasn’t very long, even when he used his maximum effort.

 

[Warm Giant Brown Bear Leather Hat]

Rating: Normal

Durability: 65/65    Defense: 19

* Cold resistance will increase by 5%.

A giant brown bear leather hat made by a craftsman with great skills and potential, but his experience and reputation is somewhat lacking.

The wearer will be warm even in the dead of winter. Don’t expect a defense effect.

Conditions of Use:  Level 130 or more.

Weight: 50 

 

[Warm Giant Brown Bear Leather Cloak]

Rating: Normal

Durability: 78/78    Defense: 22

* Cold resistance will increase by 5%.

A giant brown bear leather cloak made by a craftsman with great skills and potential, but his experience and reputation is somewhat lacking.

The wearer can feel warmth even in the dead of winter, and it is effective enough to stop a chill from going down the wearer’s spine. The leather is thick and stiff.

User Restriction: Level 130 or higher.

Weight: 100 

 

[Warm and Functional Giant Brown Bear Leather Gloves]

Rating: Rare

Durability: 110/110    Defense: 50

* Cold resistance will increase by 15%.

Giant brown bear leather gloves made by a craftsman with great skills and potential, but his experience and reputation is somewhat lacking.

It has an excellent effect in cold weather, to the extent that the wearer can feel their fingers. 

Even though the gloves are made of thick leather, it feels very comfortable when gripping things.

User Restriction: Level 130 or higher.

Weight: 50

 

[Great Giant Brown Bear Boots] 

Rating: Epic

Durability: 160/160   Defense: 95 Movement Speed: +2%

* Cold resistance will increase by 20%.

Giant brown bear leather boots made by a craftsman with great skills and potential, but his experience and reputation is somewhat lacking.

It has an excellent effect in cold weather, to the extent that the wearer can feel their feet. 

Even though the gloves are made of thick leather, it feels so comfortable that there is no awkwardness when walking. It doesn’t slip easily on ice.

User Restriction: Level 130 or higher.

Weight: 80 

 

There were two normal items, one rare and one epic. Grid managed to appease himself.

“This performance isn’t bad. Should I put it on?”

 

[Due to your class characteristics, you have equipped the Warm Giant Brown Bear Leather Armor.]

[This is an item you created. Your understanding is 100%.]

[In the case of items made by you, a penalty will be applied if you don’t meet the item usage requirements, even if you have full understanding.]

[The defense of Warm Giant Brown Bear Leather Armor has been reduced by 5%. Only half of the option effects will be applied.]

 

[Due to your class characteristics, you have equipped the Warm Giant Brown Bear Leather Hat.]

[This is an item you created. Your understanding is 100%.]

[In the case of items made by you, a penalty will be applied if you don’t meet the item usage requirements, even if you have full understanding.]

[The defense of Warm Giant Brown Bear Leather Hat has been reduced by 5%. Only half of the option effects will be applied.]

 

[Due to your class characteristics, you have equipped the Warm Giant Brown Bear Leather Cloak.]

[This is an item you created. Your understanding is 100%.]

[In the case of items made by you, a penalty will be applied if you don’t meet the item usage requirements, even if you have full understanding.]

[The defense of Warm Giant Brown Bear Leather Cloak has been reduced by 5%. Only half of the option effects will be applied.]

 

Grid already knew that a penalty would be applied if he didn’t meet the item usage conditions, even if he had full understanding.

‘It’s like the Ideal Dagger. The Ideal Dagger with a unique rating has a 20% penalty, while a normal rated item has a 5% penalty. Then what about a rare and epic rating?’

Grid immediately equipped the gloves and boots.

 

[Due to your class characteristics, you have equipped the Warm and Functional Giant Brown Bear Leather Gloves.]

[This is an item you created. Your understanding is 100%.]

[In the case of items made by you, a penalty will be applied if you don’t meet the item usage requirements, even if you have full understanding.]

[The defense of Warm and Functional Giant Brown Bear Leather Gloves has been reduced by 10%. Only half of the option effects will be applied.]

 

[Due to your class characteristics, you have equipped the Great Giant Brown Bear Boots.]

[This is an item you created. Your understanding is 100%.]

[In the case of items made by you, a penalty will be applied if you don’t meet the item usage requirements, even if you have full understanding.]

[The defense of Great Giant Brown Bear Boots has been reduced by 15%. Only half of the option effects will be applied.] 

 

“Rare rating is 10% and epic rating is 15%…”

Grid muttered when an unexpected notification window popped up.

 

[You have equipped the ‘Giant Brown Bear Leather Set,’ giving a bonus of 60 defense and 30% cold resistance.]

“Eh? Khan, are these set items?”

Khan laughed. “It isn’t classified as a set item when I make it. But it is classified as a set item when you make it. Isn’t it because you designed the balance of items perfectly?”

“… I just made it according to the production method.”

This was the moment when the power of Pagma’s Descendant was exerted. Grid was happy. The value of set items was far higher than normal items.

“Set items…! This is another means of making money. Okay, shall I go now?”

Grid’s body was covered with reddish-brown fur as he headed for the snowy north. 

At this time, he still didn’t know. The frostlight orcs were much stronger than he thought. In addition, the probability that the frostlight orcs would drop the sylphid scales was only around 1%!