“Hero King...!”

It was a great title from the name alone! Looking at the description, it was likely to be a unique title, just like the First King.

‘It was worth going through all this trouble to cleanse the Behen Archipelago!’

Getting rewards for suffering seemed natural, but it wasn’t always true. It was easy to realize when looking at all the office workers. They worked hard for the company, while the company didn’t give them reasonable compensation. Unfortunately, most of the people living in the world were slaves of this irrationality.

Then what about Satisfy’s players? Those who worked hard to level up would get rewards from clearing quests and steadily progress. Among them, the forerunner who developed in a positive direction was Grid.

“...”

Grid was covered with the haze of the fighting energy. He was filled with joy as he grasped the details of the Hero King title.

‘On the surface, it’s much less effective than the First King title.’

It added additional damage to unique rated or higher classes, as well as great demons, archangels, dragons, demigods, etc. The listed beings seemed special, but it was actually a title that exerted an effect in extreme conditions. In normal times, the only function was the resource called ‘fighting energy.’

'On the other hand, the First King always shows a great power.’

Hero King. Why did he put this title on par with First King?

‘It’s natural.’

Not everything was visible at first glance. Grid looked at the details of ‘Fighting Energy.’

[Fighting Energy]

A special resource only for the Hero King.

...

..

Every time fighting energy increased by one point, his strength, stamina and agility increased by 0.5%.

"...It’s huge.”

Fighting energy was usually kept at 10 and would increase up to 100 in combat. In other words, Grid would always receive a 5% increase in strength, stamina, and agility, and in some cases it would go up to 50%.

‘It’s almost crazy.’

This was especially favorable to Grid who had high stats. What if Grid’s 3,500 points in strength increased by 50%?  It was 5,250. It was a figure that could only be obtained if Grid gained 200 more levels and invested all the points into strength.

‘I’m concerned about the penalty that will occur when fighting energy falls below 10.’

Normally, fighting energy remained at 10 points. Grid judged that it wouldn’t fall below 10 unless there was a shameful situation.

“Kukukuk...!”

Grid couldn’t endure the laughter that bubbled up after he realized the true value of Hero King. He paid attention to the fact that this wasn’t the end of the Behen Archipelago’s rewards.

‘There are still the statue buffs and Madra’s diary!’

A stone statue of Grid in the center of the Hall of Fame! In the future, Grid would gain buffs from it. What were the buffs? The excited Grid immediately approached his stone statue. Then he frowned. It was because his stone statue was carved exactly like his appearance.

"...It’s sadly ugly.”

Why was the ugliest face decorating the center of the Hall of Fame? Wasn’t this completely shameful? He was embarrassed when he thought of the two billion users and NPCs of Satisfy who would laugh every time they saw his statue. Sticks and Braham couldn’t understand Grid’s frustration. When they looked at it objectively, Grid’s appearance was quite average for humans. However, Grid’s self-esteem was so battered after the incident with Ahyoung that he wasn’t aware of it himself.

“Hah... What should I do to get the buffs?”

Grid gave a deep sigh and touched the stone statue.

Ttiring~

There was a lively sound effect and the details of the stone statue came up.

[Statue of Hero King Grid Lv 1]

A stone statue commemorating the feats of the hero of heroes, the legendary blacksmith Grid who gave rest to all the legends who became death knights and cleansed the Behen Archipelago.

If you pay homage to the stone statue, your dexterity will increase by 5% and the probability of making a higher rated item will increase slightly. In addition, the speed of sword type attack skills will increase by 2%.

* Every time a player or NPC pays homage to the statue, the ‘Statue’s Worship’ will increase by 1.

*Every time the ‘Statue’s Worship’ value exceeds 5,000, the level of the statue will increase by 1 and the buff effect increases. Sometimes a new buff effect will also open. The maximum level of the stone statue is 15.

* You can only worship a statue once every three days and the duration of the buffs is two days. In addition, the stone statue buffs can’t be overlapped.

* The protagonist of the stone statue, ‘Grid’ will receive the statue buffs for 10 days every time the Statue’s Worship increases by 1,000.

Current Statue’s Worship: 0

“...Wow.”

Dexterity increased by 5%, sword type attack skills by 2%, and there was a light increase in the probability of making higher rated items? It was a very useful buff for Grid. In particular, the ability to acquire 10 days worth of buffs every time the Statue’s Worship value increased by 1,000 was extremely attractive to Grid.

‘Maybe?’

Considering the fact that Satisfy had two billion users, couldn’t he maintain an infinite statue buffs?

Dugun dugun!

Grid’s heart thumped. He was delighted that the statues weren’t merely a symbol and that they gave him an advantage beyond his imagination. But there was something he had to check first.

"Sticks, can people easily access the Hall of Fame?”

So what if there were the stone statues? It would be useless if it was hard for the players to come here.

Sticks smiled at the concerned Grid.

“They can. Originally, the entrance to the Behen Archipelago was scattered all throughout the continent. I sealed it in consideration of the danger once it became contaminated, but now there is no more need. In the future, many people will visit the Hall of Fame.”

“Ohhh!”

Grid had goosebumps at the thought of his Statue’s Worship increasing rapidly.

“Wait...”

There was the phrase ‘statue buffs can’t be overlapped.’ Grid frowned before standing in front of the statues of other legends.

[Statue of Sword Saint Muller Lv. 1]

A stone statue commemorating the feats of Muller, the strongest Sword Saint of the past who sealed many great demons saved the world.

If you pay homage to the statue, your strength stat will increase by 7% and the power of your sword type skills will increase by 10%.

* Every time a player or NPC pays homage to the statue, the ‘Statue’s Worship’ will increase by 1.

*Every time the ‘Statue’s Worship’ value exceeds 5,000, the level of the statue will increase by 1 and the buff effect increases. The maximum level of the stone statue is 10.

* You can only worship a statue once every three days and the duration of the buffs is two days. In addition, the stone statue buffs can’t be overlapped.

Current Statue’s Worship: 0

“...”

[Statue of the Legendary Blacksmith Pagma]

A statue commemorating the feat of the legendary blacksmith Pagma, who contracted with the 1st Great Demon Baal for the sake of humanity.

If you pay homage to the stone statue, your dexterity will increase by 7% and the probability of making a higher rated item will increase slightly. In addition, the speed of sword type skills will increase by 2% and the undead summoning skill’s mana cost is reduced by 3%.

* Every time a player or NPC pays homage to the statue, the ‘Statue’s Worship’ will increase by 1...

...

...

Current Statue’s Worship: 0

“No, dammit!”

Grid cursed once he confirmed that the other legendary statues gave buffs. His buffs were the worst so he would be a saint if he didn’t swear.

"Doesn’t this mean no one will worship my stone statue?”

The infinite stone statue buffs had disappeared! To Grid’s dismay, his stone statue was just a symbol. It seemed that the worship value would be maintained at 0 for the rest of his life.

“Wow, really XX... I feel like crying... Won’t people laugh at my statue every time they come here? It’s ugly and useless.”

There was no god in the world. Grid was terribly frustrated. He had forgotten something. The fact that there was Lauel, a more useful person than God, beside him.

*** 

"Are you now calm?”

After checking the stone statue buffs, Grid was paralyzed for a few minutes. His ugly stone statue was built in the center of the Hall of Fame and the buffs were useless. Grid’s mental state collapsed at the thought of it becoming a mockery in the future.  He had been so proud about having a stone statue in the Hall of Fame and now he wanted to hide it in a mouse hole. But it was only for a moment.

Grid’s mental state recovered relatively quickly. It was because the weight of the burden he carried was too heavy.

“Yes... I can’t space out when I have to return to the kingdom.”

The Overgeared Kingdom was still under pressure from the empire. As the king, Grid couldn’t be absent forever.

‘I will go back to the palace and check Madra’s diary...’

If even the diary turned out to be ‘garbage’ then Grid wouldn’t be able to cope with the mental trauma. Therefore, he wanted to return to the kingdom first to calm his heart. 

"Let's go back."

Grid signalled to Sticks.

Then Sticks said to him, "Before that, let’s hear from the field of succession.”

“Field of succession?”

“Didn't I tell you? The Behen Archipelago is the Hall of Fame that honors the achievements of past legends, while also handing down legacies to the current legends.

"Ah...!” Grid’s expectations rose as he heard the word ‘legacy.’ “I might inherit the legacy left behind by Pagma?”

"That's right."

"Okay, let’s go.”

*** 

The field of succession located on the 65th island.

"It is a place where no one apart from present legends can enter.”

The field of succession was covered in gold. There were nine elegant buildings, like shrines, erected and Grid and Sticks stood in the center. They naturally found the building for the ‘Legendary Blacksmith’s Succession.’ Of the nine buildings, there was one with a hammer an anvil engraved on top of the entrance.

'What has been left?’

Grid questioned and entered the building.

[You have been admitted to the ‘Legendary Blacksmith’s Succession’ as Pagma's Descendant.]

[Welcome! Pagma’s Rare Book (2) is waiting for you!]

Inside the enormous building. There was a book at the end of dozens of pillars. It was similar to the book that Grid obtained from the North End Cave.

"Gulp."

What was contained in the book? The tense Grid gulped. He was trying not to expect too much.

‘This is a place where you can enter as long as you have a legendary class.’

Nothing special would be gained from here. It would be a minor skill. He didn’t set his expectations high in order to not be disappointed. Grid thought this many times before touching Pagma’s Rare Book.

[You have acquired Pagma's Descendant Hidden Piece ‘Granting an Ego’.]

[Granting an Ego]

You can give the target item an ego.

It will be classified as an ego item and the value will be astronomical.

The amount of times it was possible to use Granting an Ego increases by one every time the skill level of the Legendary Blacksmith’s Craftsmanship skill increases.

Current number of egos that can be given: 8/8

“Ego item...!”

This technique wasn’t just for dwarven blacksmiths? Grid trembled in amazement from the new ability. The impact and loss felt after checking the buffs of the stone statue had already been erased.