"Status window . "

Name: Grid

Level: 83 (331,400/2,298,000)

Class: Pagma's Descendant

* The probability of adding additional options when making items will increase .

* The probably of item enhancement will increase .  

* All equipment items can be worn unconditionally . However, there is a penalty depending on the rating of the item .  

Title: One who Became a Legend

* Abnormal conditions don't work well on you .

* You won't die when health is at the minimum .

* Easily acknowledged .

Title: First Unique Item Maker

* Dexterity +200

Title: Only Legendary Item Maker

* Dexterity +350

Title: Knight Slayer

* Stamina +100 .  

* Strength +30

Title: Apostle of Justice

* All stats +10 .

* The Apostle of Justice's bravery is unmatched .

Health: 7,886/7,886     Mana: 522/522

Strength: 679   Stamina: 517   Agility: 202  Intelligence: 174 

Dexterity: 844  Persistence: 198

Composure: 149  Indomitable: 168   Dignity: 149 Insight: 149

Courage: 93

Stat Points: 0

Weight: 8,302/17,540 

After three days of struggle, I was able to grow rapidly by exterminating the frostlight orcs .  I was level 45 when I first came here and now I was level 83 .

"3 days… level 83 in only 3 days…"

In my days as a warrior, I spent a year trying to reach level 80 .  It was due to a lack of talent and financial power, but I had blamed the system .  However, now I caught up with my level as a warrior in just three days . It seemed impossible .

“In the past, I never really played the game… Or is it that I'm too fraudulent now…?" I concluded that I didn't really play the game in the past .  “If I think about it, people who buy one good item can reach level 100 in just a month . It isn't so great that I gained 38 levels in three days . "

I opened my inventory while once again realizing that money was the best .  My inventory was filled with 40 frostlight orc leather, 60 old jewels, crude hand axes and bows, and three sylphid scales .

"I have 580 gold… It isn't a bad income . "

I whistled with satisfaction, when my spine suddenly felt cold .

"Wait, I only have three sylphid scales?"

I had been so blinded by leveling up that I forgot for a moment, but why did I come here to hunt the orcs? I meant to obtain 20 sylphid scales! But I only obtained three sylphid scales after three days of hunting?

"What is this? Why are there only three sylphid scales? I hunted over 80 orcs!" 

This meant the probability of dropping sylphid scales was extremely low! Huroi reached me as I belatedly realized this fact .

"Grid, hello . "

Huroi had been observing me for a while . I knew it, so I wasn't surprised by Huroi's appearance .

"Ah, you came . "

“Heok? Grid! Did you perhaps hit your head?”

"What are you saying?"

“No, isn't this strange? Normally you would be cursing at me and turning me away!"

“Oh, that is true . So? Do you want me to swear everytime I see you?"

Huroi hurriedly shook his head .  “No, I would never want something like that . This is much better . I'm glad that you are acknowledging me . "

Huroi scratched his head and laughed .  Until recently, Huroi seemed like a crazy person, so I didn't want anything to do with him . But now it was different .  I got the title of Apostle of Justice from saving Huroi, and due to it, I became stronger and it was easier to hunt orcs .

I decided to stop ignoring Huroi and attempted a conversation .

“Huroi, I understand why you think of me as a savior . I was the one to rescue you from prison . But why would you want to serve me?"

Huroi's eyes widened as I expressed my intention to communicate, then he explained with a bright expression .

"I wasn't simply stuck in prison . I was doing a quest where I couldn't log out for 50 hours in real time . I was stuck in solitary confinement for 200 hours in game time . It was truly hell… But Grid was the one who saved me from that hell . "

"What? No, what's with that absurd quest? Being unable to log out and spending 50 hours of real time in solitary confinement? Does it make sense that a quest like that exists?"

I didn't believe him, so Huroi explained .

"It is a quest where the reward was a second class . It was difficult . "

"What?"

Did I hear it wrong? Right? I doubted my ears and quietly approached Huroi . Then I asked .

"S-grade quest? The reward was a second class? Is that true?"

Huroi glanced at me with unwavering eyes and replied, "That's correct . "

I grabbed Huroi's shoulder with trembling hands . Then I took a deep breath and asked, “Perhaps… the first person who obtained a second class was you?"

Huroi gave a refreshing laugh .  “Yes, that's right . Hahahat! Are you surprised? I'm always amazed when I see my story on the news . Hahahahat! This good luck is all thanks to Grid!"

“… You should serve me always . "

Kwack!

I inserted strength into the hand that was gripping Huroi's shoulder .  I had invested most of the stat points acquired during my three days of levelling up into strength . Therefore, Huroi was unable to withstand my high strength and trembled with pain .

"G-Grid…?"

"Ugh! Kuooh!"


Sponsored Content
I couldn't speak because of my boiling anger .  My jealousy was rising .  The first one to acquire a second class was Huroi! In addition, I was the one who helped him acquire the second class!

“This is…I didn't realize I was so lucky that I gave you the perfect fortune!" I grabbed Huroi's neck and shouted .  "You! Serve me for the rest of your life! I will be your master from this day onwards! You are my servant! This damn lucky bastard!"

“K-Keeeok! U-Understood . Haven't I already sworn it? So let go of your hand . I-I can't breathe…!"

The moment I was making a fuss…

Kuuong! Kuuong!

Huge footsteps were approaching from the edge of the village .  Huroi and I became alert as we felt the shaking of the earth, then we saw an orc that was over 4m tall .

"What is that…?"

An orc that was reminiscent of a giant ogre! Huroi exclaimed with amazement .

“That is the chief of the frostlight orcs! He's a level 140 field boss . He must've come out after hearing that you exterminated the village . "

"…"

Certainly, the name Frostlight Orc Chief appeared on top of the giant orc's head . The boss monster's name shone a brilliant gold . Behind him were 11 frostlight orcs .  

I ordered Huroi, "Buy some time while I run away!”

Huroi had an obligation to make this sacrifice for me . I planned to abandon Huroi and run away alone . Then why was Huroi following after me instead of staying behind?

"##&! What are you doing? You promised that I was your master! So why aren't you listening to me?"

Huroi chased after me and explained .

“There is no need! If we combine our abilities, we can hunt him!"

"What?"

I hesitated and Huroi explained .

"The identity of my second class is the 'Apostle of Justice's Partner!' When I am with the Apostle of Justice, all my stats will increase by 20% And I am currently level 138! You also overwhelmed the knights, so if we join forces, we can deal with a level 140 field boss!"

Huroi was full of confidence . I recalled the appearance of Huroi blocked a knight's sword with his body .

'That's right . This bastard is very strong . And I am stronger than before!'

In the first place, field bosses were much weaker than normal boss monsters in dungeons . There were overwhelming field bosses like the Guardian of the Forest, but those were rare cases .

'Speaking of which, don't rankers often take care of field bosses alone?'

If a legendary class and a person with a second class joined forces, wouldn't a 2-man raid on a level 140 field boss be possible? 

'Okay . '

I decided not to run away anymore . Then I grabbed my dagger and warned Huroi .  "Hey! Didn't you say that you came here purely because of me? Then all the items dropped from that boss are mine?"

“What are you saying…?"

"What? Didn't you promise to serve me? Then are you planning to gobble up your master's items?"

"No . I am glad just to be able to fight with you . My second class is only noteworthy when I'm with you . "

"Good, let's get started!"

I set up the party item distribution as 'Party Leader Pickup' and invited Huroi to the party .

[The party invitation has been accepted . ]

As a party, we could confirm each other's level, but not our class .  Huroi was shocked after checking my level .

"G-Grid? Is this true? You're only level 83?"

“So what? Do you have any complaints?" 

“No, I'm just wondering how a level 83 user could overwhelm the knights and kill the frostlight orcs . Ah! Perhaps you have a hidden class? One of the epic classes that only three people have…!"

An epic class? I wasn't such a lowly thing .  I had a legendary class .  But I didn't feel the necessity to reveal it .

"Well, something like that . Hey, wouldn't it be better to handle the mobs before focusing on the boss?"

"Huh? Ah, yes . Right?"

"Yes, okay . I will handle the mobs while you draw the boss' aggro . "

"M-Me? Ah, yes! I understand! Of course I should do such a thing!”

Huroi moved towards the 11 frostlight orcs and shouted towards the chief .  “Hey, you !#! Your opponent is me! You @ . $*)%!"

"…"

It was the first time I saw it .  Someone who swore worse than me!

Roaaaaar-!

The frostlight orc chief became furious at the words and changed his target to Huroi . I faced the 11 frostlight orcs while the chief chased after Huroi and immediately cast my skills .

"Blacksmith's Rage! Unbreakable Justice!"