"God Grid, after hearing your story, I developed great interest in Eat Spicy Jokbal and kept in steady contact with him. But it was hard work. I looked all over the country for Eat Spicy Jokbal and learned to distinguish the taste of makguksu in every store...”

“...”

Various expressions crossed Daehan’s face as he recalled it. All types of memories seemed to come to mind.

“I wanted to give up several times. But I didn’t give up. Why? I searched for Eat Spicy Jokbal. I am convinced that Eat Spicy Jokbal is a person that the Overgeared Kingdom needs!”

“...”

“The result is what you see now. I became friends with Eat Spicy Jokbal. Hut, how about it? Isn’t it great? Kuahahahat!”

Daehan laughed excitedly while putting a had on Eat Spicy Jokbal’s shoulders. They seemed really close.

One second later.

"Where are you putting your hand?” A cold attitude! Eat Spicy Jokbal broke away from Daehan’s hands and warned Youngwoo. “Don’t get me wrong. I am fundamentally different from you guys. We can never be friends.”

“Fundamentally?”

“Yes, I’m evil. The reason why I’m participating in this National Competition is different from you. I’m not participating in the National Competition for the sake of the country. I’m not a person with high patriotism.”

“...” 

"My purpose is only money! Money! I will recoup the damage of the egg you stole with the gold medals!”

“...Um.”

Youngwoo wasn’t participating in the National Competition for the country. It was also to satisfy his individual desires. However, Eat Spicy Jokbal misunderstood. No, it wasn’t just him. Most South Koreans considered Shin Youngwoo to be a patriot.

It was natural. From an objective point of view, Youngwoo was better off not participating in the National Competition. If he hadn’t participated in the National Competition, he could’ve hidden the true powers of Pagma's Descendant and would be able to play the game in a better position. Youngwoo was a person who could make money by producing more items. There was no need to covet the rewards of the National Competition.

But Youngwoo participated in the National Competition every year. People had no choice but to misunderstand that Youngwoo was participating in the National Competition out of pure patriotism.

‘Well, that doesn’t mean there is no patriotism.’

As a former member of South Korea’s army, he had a minimum of patriotism. It was good that he helped his country. But the real reason why Youngwoo participated in the National Competition was honor, not patriotism. He wanted to prove himself in public and be recognized as a better person.

In addition, there was additional compensation from the National Competition. Youngwoo could receive myth-rated materials as a reward for gold medals. They couldn’t be obtained even with money. In particular, the compensation for this year was expected to be larger than last year.

‘Last year, the only myth rated material I knew was adamantium.’

He was different from before. This year’s Youngwoo knew the existence of various myth rated materials such as the sacred creatures byproducts and the Goddess’ Hair that he could demand as a gold medal compensation from the S.A. Group. 

‘I have to win two gold medals.’

He wanted a byproduct of the sacred creatures, such as the Red Phoenix Breath. He was eager to make a second and third Enlightenment Sword.

“Um... Our relationship will gradually become established. Either way, it’s nice to meet you.”

Youngwoo woke up from his thoughts and shook hands with Eat Spicy Jokbal. Youngwoo felt good at Eat Spicy Jokbal’s desire to ‘make up for the damage of losing the dragon egg with the gold medals.’ He seemed to be a straightforward person.

What if Eat Spicy Jokbal was a bad person? He would threaten Youngwoo to pay back the debt from the game. At a minimum, he would express hostility. But Eat Spicy Jokbal’s gaze towards Youngwoo was clean. He declared he would recover the damages in a fair manner.

'The fact that he’s a good person is why he’s in Peak Sword’s heart.’

Youngwoo smiled as nicely as possible. Eat Spicy Jokbal responded to the handshake with an expression that said he had no choice.

“Well... We are colleagues during the National Competition so we should shake hands... Huh?”

Eat Spicy Jokbal was surprised when he shook hands with Youngwoo. It was because the strength was amazing. The big hand full of calluses showed the hard lift that Youngwoo lived.

‘In reality, he’s a hard worker?’

Eat Spicy Jokbal was 36 years old. Youngwoo looked like he wasn’t even 30 years old yet. He was a legendary blacksmith in the game, but Eat Spicy Jokbal expected him to be timid in many ways in reality. But that wasn’t the truth at all. From the moment they first met, Youngwoo showed the same attitude and eyes as he did in the game. He was overflowing with dignity.

Eat Spicy Jokbal gulped.

‘Grid... He was born like this.’

Indeed, it was obvious. If he was an ordinary person, he wouldn’t have become the king of a nation. Eat Spicy Jokbal misunderstood and decided not to be hostile to Grid.

On the other hand.

"...Surely your name isn’t Eat Spicy Jokbal?”

"Aish... Of course it’s my game ID.”

"Isn’t Eat Spicy Jokbal too much even for a game ID?”

“...”

The representatives gathered on one side murmured. Eat Spicy Jokbal prayed for an ID change item to be released quickly. At that moment.

"Oh my, everyone is here.”

A man and woman approached the place where the Korean representatives were gathered. It was a woman in a hanbok and a blond male. The woman was in her 30s and had a refined elegance. It was an appearance that could be seen on Korean promotional brochures for foreigners. The blond male was mixed race. He seemed to be born between a Korean and a Westerner and was wearing a riding jacket. It was a couple with an extreme contrast.

“Who...?”

All the representatives were puzzled. It was the first time they saw the man and woman who arrived late. In particular, the woman’s behavior was too unusual. The man and woman introduced themselves.

“I am Viola. I’m also a representative at the National Competition this year.”

“I am Ma Bongshik. It is the same for me.”

“?? Are those your game IDs?”

"They are our real names.”

“Ah, yes...”

What strange names. This was the first impression of the two new Korean representatives.

*** 

“Who are they?”

Eat Spicy Jokbal, Viola, and Ma Bongshik.

Peak Sword continued to show great interest and favor to the three people. One of South Korea’s giants, Peak Sword, wouldn’t show such an attitude to ordinary people. Therefore, the other representatives surely that that these three people were big. The problem was that they were unfamiliar. The representatives couldn’t guess who they were.

“Um... I have never heard of their names before.”

Despite belonging to the same country, the representatives weren’t obliged to disclose their information. The game still continued after the National Competition was over. If there was an obligation to disclose information, there would be fewer rankers in the National Competition.

"Rather, Grid is really cool.”

"That's right. He actually looks better.”

“Look at his back muscles. He’s cool even to a man. I’m envious.”

The attention of the representatives was soon focused on Grid. Grid didn’t know this, but more than half of the 30 Korean representatives participating in the National Competition this year respected Grid. They were the ones who dreamt about becoming Grid while watching Grid, especially after he competed with Kraugel in the National Competition last year. They were buds who grew watching Grid. For them, Grid was a special existence. They wanted to use this opportunity to get close to Grid. But no one was able to approach Grid. It was hard to talk to such a great figure without inhibition.

‘I will be very active in this National Competition.’

‘Let’s attract Grid’s attention and enter the Overgeared Guild... Eh?’

Suddenly, the minds of the enthusiastic Korean representatives became blank. It was due to the appearance of the last Korean representative in the lounge, Yura.

“I’m sorry I’m late.”

“...”

Was the world originally black and white? The representatives stared blankly as Yura smiled gently and apologize in a sweet voice. Yura’s overwhelming beauty caused everything to fade except for her.

“I-It has been a while.”

Even Youngwoo stuttered. He was nervous and his heart jumped as he saw Yura after a long time.

‘Her skin is like a new baby... Has she been eating and living well?’

Youngwoo felt uneasy as he looked at Yura’s white skin. Yura tilted her head as she looked at him.

"Is there something on my face?”

“N-No. You have become prettier after a long time... Hup.”

What nonsense was he saying now? Youngwoo spoke without thinking and covered his mouth when he discovered it. And Yura...

“...”

Yura’s milky white skin turned red. The eyes of the Korea representatives blurred as they watched.

'It’s the prime of their lives.’

‘I’m envious...’

*** 

A total of 50 countries were participating in the 3rd National Competition! Unlike the previous year, the size of this competition amplified the expectations of gamers all over the world. What interesting and cool scenes would be produced in this year’s National Competition? Countless people were filled with expectations as they waited for the National Competition to begin. There were many people hoping for three days to pass quickly so the National Competition to begin.

Did they sense this desire? 

『 A special event for the National Competition will now be held. 』

Representatives of various countries started boarding the plane. Game-related broadcasters from all over the world started a live broadcast. It was a broadcast produced by the S.A. Group. Orlando, a world-class pop star and Satisfy ranker in the top 100,000 was the MC.

『 At this time, 1,500 representatives from each country have completed boarding flights to Japan. And the S.A. Group is planning a special event for all of them. 』

"Event?"

It was a live broadcast that started without any notice but it was powerful since it was related to the National Competition. Word of mouth spread and many viewers flocked. MC Orlando had a cheerful expression and started explaining.

『 All players on board have a capsule instead of a seat. It’s a capsule that allows them to enter the Battlefield server. 』 

“Battlefield?”

『 It’s a secret server that Satisfy has borrowed. From this moment on, 1,500 players from all over the world will enter a certain area with the same level, same stats, same items, same skills, and everything is equal. It’s a small mini-map. From there, the players will... 』

“...?”

『 They will continue to fight until there are three survivors. 』

“What?”

"A survival game without levels and items?”

"No, isn’t the S.A. Group too obvious? Isn’t this event aimed at Grid?”

“Wow, it’s really too much.”

The criticisms of the Korean public started to pour out once they learned of the event. But the reaction of the overseas viewers was hot.

“Isn’t it interesting? Who’s the best player when it comes to pure talent?”

“It’s naturally Kraugel.”

"No, maybe an anonymous person we don’t know might be better than Kraugel.”

Grid ‘naturally’ wasn’t mentioned in the winning candidates. It was hard to imagine he would win after losing his items.