28 minutes until Battlefield ended.

The Battlefield map had undergone a lot of destruction and the only area left was 'Trion.' 

Trion was a small town with five six-story buildings and around 40 one-story houses. The boxes and drums left in the alleys, the large fountain in the central square, and the side roads created a number of variables by serving as cover. The six-story buildings were connected with clotheslines that were exceptionally thick and sturdy.

Like the other survivors, Grid was forced to move into a tree.

'The odds are low.'

Why? Grid had only teamed up with Jishuka, while the other survivors had at least three team members. There was even a team with five people.

'Most of the people here are rankers.'

Considering that Kraugel, Chris, and Pon would be present, Grid wasn't convinced of his superiority. In such a situation, the numerical disadvantage was a huge burden. Above all, the biggest problem was the narrow map.

'It's hard to find a sniping point.'

Grid was a cleric. The warrior Jishuka had to perform the role of damage dealer. She currently had a total of 136 arrows. Theoretically, it could exert sufficient attack power. However, the bow was a weapon that showed its true power when a certain distance was secured.

'For Jishuka to be active here... We must enter a high building...' 

It would be easy to enter a building. However, as soon as Jishuka settled on a high floor and started shooting, it was obvious that the competitors' aggro would be concentrated on her.

'I have to guard the stairs to give Jishuka time to deal with them.'

However, clotheslines connected buildings. People could use the clotheslines to come from the building next door. It was impossible to contain all of them at the same time.

'In the first place, I don't know if I can protect the stairs.'

They had a numerical disadvantage and it was an environment where Jishuka couldn't fully demonstrate her archery. In the end, he came to the conclusion that he must play passively. 

'I should look at the flow...'

Even that seemed difficult. The other competitors were already paying attention to Grid and Jishuka. It was because they were alone. They were branded as relatively easy prey. As soon as the lull was over, Grid and JIshuka were destined to be chased.

'Shit, these rotten bastards. Why are they pushing me to this point?'

Now Grid was familiar with the camera. He had awareness as an influential person in society. He was inwardly complaining but had a poker face on the surface. Jishuka's murmur was heard in his ears.

“Indeed... Everyone who has survived to the end is skilled enough to team up. It won't be easy.”

"Skilled?”

Was forming a team also a merit?

“How can it... Ah?”

Then Grid realized something.

'That's right, it is a skill.'

In Battlefield, a solo exhibition wasn't a 'rule.' There was no provision that they couldn't form a team. That's why Grid teamed up with Jishuka.

'It isn't easy to form a team.'

How easy was it to turn competitors into teammates? It was virtually impossible to build a team here in Battlefield unless they had extraordinary competence or had a special charm. A person who didn't have skills couldn't get a team. Grid shook the moment he realized this.

'The means of proving my skills to people is far more diverse than I thought. I don't have to be obsessed with just showing off combat skills.'

Proof. That's right. Grid recognized Battlefield as a place to prove himself. It was a game where everyone else was in the same situation. Grid wanted to prove himself to people by surviving to the end. The rankers had pure talent who didn't rely only on his items or class. Grid hoped that he would be perceived as equal to those people. Foolishly, he confined his talents to combat ability. He was compelled to show he had better control skills. But not now. A ranker's skills weren't just about combat ability. It was much more diverse.

'I'll show them.'

Grid had skills. He would show everyone in the world why he could rise to this place. A smile crossed Grid's face. He found the answer and shouted without hesitation.

“Everybody listen! Surrender! From now on, I will make an item for anyone who surrenders!”

“...?”

There was awkward silence as the players in the trees tensed up. The survivors looked at each other with bewildered expressions.

'What nonsense is this?'

'Is he crazy?'

“I am the Overgeared King!”

In the confusion, Grid revealed his identity. He announced himself as the legendary blacksmith. He would take advantage of this ability to win. This was Grid's 'pure talent' that he advertised to the world and it was the proof of his 'competence.'

“This is a rare opportunity. Why are you hesitating to surrender?”

Grid was confident. There were few people who could resist his temptations. It was actually the case. The survivors started buzzing.

'Grid?'

'That bastard, pulling out something like this to win.'

'But think about it. Isn't it much better to surrender and earn items than to lose everything after failing to win an uncertain victory?'

'It's true. How easy is it to gain items that Grid produces? Doesn't it go up to a legendary rating?'

'He can even make growth rated items.'

Gulp!

The survivors started to realize what a wise choice it was. They bit the bait.

『 ... 』

The commentators were silent. The atmosphere of the survivors as they looked at each other showed they were willing to surrender. Looking at it objectively, there were few reasons not to surrender.

『 Why is this result...? 』

One commentator broke the silence. He wanted to relay a fierce and cool final match so he didn't welcome Grid's position. But he couldn't condemn it. The way that Grid caused the survivors to feel conflicted wasn't lousy. It was a strategy that caused admiration.

『 It's a shame to those watching but... I have to acknowledge it. Grid is a wise person. He's resourceful. 』

『 I agree. I never imagined he would use his ability to make items in order to manipulate the survivors. It's a strategy I couldn't imagine. 』

Currently, the survivors were playing the game called Battlefield. Wasn't it cheating for Satisfy to intervene here? There were few people who thought this. In the end, the survivors were Satisfy players and Satisfy was the reason why they joined Battlefield. It was natural for Grid to use his influence in Satisfy to survive.

Just.

-Nobody did this except for Grid...

-They didn't use it because they couldn't. If it wasn't Grid, who else can make the survivors surrender?

-You're right.

-Really amazing. He will win without fighting.

-I felt it from the beginning, but Grid's wit is really great. He doesn't have enough strength? It isn't that either. He even beat Hao. He's a perfect combination of intelligence and strength. He's exceptional among the high rankers.

-He also has the quality of an alpha, allowing him to be the first king. There seems to be a huge difference between the Grid we know and the actual Grid.

-That's right. We only got a few glimpses of him from videos and the National Competition. If we watch by his side...

-...There will be a huge liking towards him. Look at the members of Overgeared. I know why the Overgeared members are so loyal to Grid now.

-Isn't this why Pope Damian likes Grid?

The praise continued. They accurately saw Grid. He proved his abilities and his value to people.

Now.

-I don't think there will be any more fools ignoring Grid.

Grid was reborn as a complete existence. Just like Kraugel who Grid so envied.

***

"Now, what is everyone's choice?”

Grid didn't know the outside situation and was only focused on right now. He was expecting a few of the 30 survivors, apart from Jishuka, to surrender to him.

'Maybe not everyone will surrender?'

Grid was well aware of the value of his production items. Thus, he used his items as a means of transaction and diplomacy. He believed it would work again this time. He knew most of the survivors coveted his items and would surrender. But there was a problem. 

Putting aside Grid and Jishuka, 14 of the 30 survivors were Overgeared members. The Overgeared members were able to get Grid's items even if they didn't surrender here. This was the part that Grid overlooked. It was evidence of his still lacking intelligence.

An achievement was an achievement. Just as Grid aspired to win, the Overgeared members also wanted to win.

“That Grid is fake!” Lauel shouted. “There is no way to prove that he is Grid! Don't be confused!”

He loved Grid. He wanted to be companions for all his life. This was Lauel's true heart. Lauel really liked Grid. That's why he had been by Grid's side for so many years and wanted to be with him in the future. But he clearly distinguished between priorities. Lauel never thought about giving up victory just because he liked Grid. He also wanted to win. He would do his best to win. It was for himself and the people of his country.

It wasn't just Lauel. It was the same for the other Overgeared members.

"That's right! Grid isn't that kind!”

“Grid isn't that kind!”

“What...?”

All of a sudden, a wave spread! Grid was confused by the unexpected development while the survivors, who were misled by Grid's proposal' felt overwhelmed.

"That's right. Maybe it is someone pretending to be Grid. I almost made a mistake.”

“In the first place, will Grid really make us a 'free' item if we win?”

“No, I didn't mean I would make it for free...”

“That person isn't Grid!”

“No!”

“Oh!”

Grid had no chance to talk. The Overgeared members kept interrupted when Grid tried to talk.

Jishuka laughed. "Indeed, our kids aren't that easy.”

"What? They are Overgeared members?”

"Yes, just look.”

“You stupid bastards!”

Grid was irritated but he was smiling proudly. He liked that his colleagues were doing their best in their respective positions.

'Yes, if you want, then let's fight to the end.'

He would fight fairly like they wanted. The moment Grid became prepared.

"I won't surrender... I want to join your team. Will you make me an item in return?”

“...?”

In the middle of the bustling atmosphere, a man opened his mouth. He was alone. Unlike the other survivors, he didn't have a team. Everyone's gaze focused on the man. As if he was accustomed to attracting attention, the man approached Grid.

"You have two people, so it won't be a problem if I join?”

The man moved right in front of Grid.

Grid asked him, "Is it okay? I just pulled a lot of aggro because of this turmoil. Won't it be dangerous to team up with us?”

The man snorted.

"Who would be afraid with you and I together?”

“...?”

Who was this guy? The moment Grid cocked his head with confusion.

-Cra... Crazy.... I can only say that it is crazy...

-Really ㅋㅋㅋㅋ It is an unthinkable development.

-Isn't this the dream team?

The audience became excited. The community sites around the world were alarmed, as if they heard about Earth's destruction. A commentator shouted.

『 K-Kraugel...! Sword Saint Kraugel has announced his intentions to join Overgeared King Grid! 』

That's right. The only person who didn't pass up Grid's production item was the sky above the sky. The strongest person beyond the standards of a human.

“Why are you here...?”

As Grid looked stunned, the world sensed it.

Battlefield. It would end soon. The last three had already been set.