“Awesome…”

Pagma’s Swordsmanship was beyond my imagination. The skills’ capabilities and damage was something I could never imagine.

‘There is one passive skill and multiple active features… I don’t have any mastery skills, so this is really amazing considering my lacking combat skills.’

Most classes had passive skills such as Weapons Mastery or Armor Mastery. These passive mastery skills increased the performance of weapons and armor. However, Pagma’s Descendant didn’t have any mastery skills at all. It was a drawback and an unsatisfactory part of the class.

“But now it’s different.”

Pagma’s Swordsmanship increased my attack power and chances of a critical hit when deactivated. This had a similar effect to Weapons Mastery. 

‘It is also the performance of Intermediate Weapons Mastery…! The effect disappears when the skill is activated, but that isn’t a huge problem. When activated, five active skills are generated.’ 

Pagma’s Swordsmanship! It was a skill worthy of a legendary class! I was now able to take pride in having a legendary class.

‘Although I’ve been disappointed in some production aspects, my class is fraudulent. But it isn’t a combat class. I can play the role of a tanker due to my high resistance to abnormal conditions, so I can become more fraudulent if my combat skills develop. But…’

There was one problem.

“… Why does the skill consume so much mana?”

Currently, I had around 500 mana. I was able to obtain this figure because my intelligence increased when steadily making items. I never invested any stats in it, so I wouldn’t even have 100 mana if it wasn’t for that.

Anyway, the bottom line was that I couldn’t freely use all the available skills at the moment.

“Dammit!”

Wave. Restraint. Link. Kill. Transcend.

A total of five sword techniques. The minimum amount of mana required was 300. In particular, Kill consumed 1,200 mana and Transcend consumed 1,800 mana. In order to use these skills freely, I needed to invest a lot of stat points in intelligence to increase my mana. But I had never invested any stat points in intelligence since my days as a warrior.

‘With magicians, the higher their intelligence, the higher the magic damage. Therefore, they were willing to invest their points in intelligence. But I…’

I honestly didn’t want to invest stat points into intelligence. In my position, focusing my stat points on strength and stamina was ideal. Strength and stamina meant I could spend a long time making items, and my attack power also increased. 

But intelligence? Did I have any skills that were influenced by intelligence? Of course not. I needed to invest in the intelligence stat just to increase my mana!

“Shit…but I can’t not invest in intelligence.”

That’s right. It didn’t matter how much I complained. I had no choice but to invest my points into intelligence. It was in order to use the sword skills. 

“Status window.”

 

Name: Grid

Level: 92 (1,531,400/3,798,000)

Class: Pagma’s Descendant

* The probability of adding additional options when making items will increase.

* The probably of item enhancement will increase. 

* All equipment items can be worn unconditionally. However, there is a penalty depending on the rating of the item. 

Title: One who Became a Legend

* Abnormal conditions don’t work well on you.

* You won’t die when health is at the minimum.

* Easily acknowledged.

Title: First U

nique Item Maker

* Dexterity +200

Title: Only Legendary Item Maker

* Dexterity +350

Title: Knight Slayer

* Stamina +100 

* Strength +30

Title: Apostle of Justice

* All stats +10

* The Apostle of Justice’s bravery is unmatched.

Health: 8,330/8,330     Mana: 522/522

Strength: 775   Stamina: 523   Agility: 208  Intelligence: 180 

Dexterity: 855  Persistence: 210

Composure: 155  Indomitable: 176   Dignity: 155 Insight: 155

Courage: 99

Stat Points: 0

Weight: 9,404/19,700 

 

When I entered Kesan Canyon yesterday, I was level 85. After hunting all the monsters in Kesan Canyon, I was now level 92. And I had 70 stat points.

“I should’ve left it…”

As you could see, I currently had 0 stat points. Why? I invested 70 points into strength. 

“It couldn’t be helped, since it made hunting the canyon spiders easier.”

The canyon spiders had excellent defense. I increased strength in order to do a little bit more damage. But now I regretted it.

“I should’ve collected the stat points until I got Pagma’s Swordsmanship…”

My maximum mana increased by three points every time I gained one point in intelligence. If I still had the 70 stat points from yesterday, I could increase my intelligence and gain a certain amount of mana. It was too bad.

“…I need to raise intelligence.”

I was very annoyed at the thought of not being able to use the skills I learned because of a lack of mana. Who wouldn’t be nervous at not being able to use some skills? So I made an unusual choice.

“Hunting! Level up! Increase intelligence by raising my level! At the minimum, I need enough mana to use Kill!”

Kill was a skill that deal 1500% of my attack power to a target. But 1,200 mana was required to use Kill. In other words, I needed at least 400 points in intelligence.

“Obtain 400 intelligence through levelling up!”

… It was my rough estimate.

“Hah, this sucks.”

I started hunting for the first time since becoming Pagma’s Descendant in order to obtain Pagma’s Swordsmanship. I faced the frostlight orcs in the northern snowfields and then the monsters in Kesan Canyon…

It was the fun taste of hunting after a long time. 

‘That’s right. I became addicted to Satisfy through this taste.’

I could feel myself getting stronger through my level increase, and I was proud to see the gold and loot piled up in my inventory. For the moment, I should stay in Kesan Canyon and keep hunting.

But what was the reality? For me, hunting was a luxury. My family was sitting on a pile of debt. My parents and Sehee still couldn’t shake off their anxiety. I needed to make items instead of hunting so that my family could sleep more easily.

“Yes, I should return to Khan’s smithy quickly. Then I can obtain Dainsleif. Isn’t that good?”

I barely suppressed by desire to hunt and left the cave behind the waterfall. I was soothing my sorrow while admiring the stars in the night sky when-

“Kuwaaah!”

A roaring sound was heard from the bottom of the waterfall. There was a huge spray of water and I was surrounded by six mermen.

“… The fish are shaking.”

Mermen were male mermaids. But unlike the mermaids in fairy tales, Satisfy’s mermen were very ugly. I frowned as I saw the gills on the mermen.

“Are you going to dry out on land and choke to death?”

A merman in the front waved his trident and shouted threateningly. “Don’t worry about that and give me your heart!”

Mermen wanted human hearts for nutrition. They were as terrible as their appearance.

‘Six mermen…’ 

The mermen adjusted to the natural environment without much difficulty. Therefore, they were distributed throughout the continent. But the mermen living in Kesan Canyon were the most notorious. The mermen of Kesan Canyon had a level of 175, known to be one of the highest levels among the mermen on the continent.

‘The mermen are especially strong in the water. There are six of them…’

Before I learned Pagma’s Swordsmanship, I would be trying to run away from this place. But things were different now. I raised the +8 Ideal Dagger which shone a darker blue in the darkness.  I wasn’t going to give the mermen my heart.

“You want to take my heart? Or should I just eat all of you?”

A merman snorted. “Bah! This human is bluffing.”

Swaaah.

The mermen moved on the water at a tremendous speed, like a surfboard meeting a wave. I waited for them to get close to me. Just before a trident was going to hit my body, “Pagma’s Swordsmanship, Restraint!”

At the moment, my body started dancing. The blue light radiating from the Ideal Dagger shone in the moonlight as my body moved quietly. Then!

“…!!”

The mermen’s rush stopped, like it was originally a lie. The mermen acted restless and struggled to get away from me. I hurriedly linked some skills before they could escape from the influence of Restraint.

“Blacksmith’s Rage!”

 

[Blacksmith’s Rage has been activated. Your attack power and attack speed will increase significantly for 20 seconds.]

 

“Wind Blast!”

Kwa kwa kwa kwang!

“Kyaak!”

The blade of wind scraped against the mermen’s upper bodies.

 

[You have dealt 3,750 damage to the target.]

[You have dealt 3,802 damage to the target.]

 

Mermen had excellent defense on their lower bodies which were covered in scales, but their human upper bodies were weaker. Therefore, attacks on the upper body were very painful. I attacked in rapid succession before stopping.

‘Shit, I ran out of mana.’

I quickly opened my inventory and took out an inferior mana recovery potion. After confirming that my mana had fully recovered, I deactivated Pagma’s Swordsmanship. Then I used the skill I developed.

“Wind of Justice!”

Pepeng! Pepepepeng!

Wind of Justice exerted a powerful destructive blast that couldn’t be compare to Wind Blast. By deactivating Pagma’s Swordsmanship, my attack power and chances of a critical hit increased, making the destructive power more enormous.

Wind of Justice swept over the mermen from side to side, and those struck in the upper body couldn’t even scream.

“Quick Movements!”

 

[Quick Movements has been activated. Your agility and evasion rate will increase significantly for 1 minute.]

 

Splash splash!

I suddenly plunged into the mermen. Then I started to slash at their upper bodies with the +8 Ideal Dagger.

