“Kiyaaaaak!”

‘Okay! Good!’

I felt bliss as I watched the mermen suffering every time I wielded my sword. It was because I felt stronger. 

 

[The Best Gauntlets option effect is activated, causing you to attack the target twice.]

[The Ideal Dagger’s option effect is activated, instantaneously killing the target.]

 

One of the six mermen was killed due to the Ideal Dagger’s option activating. I was immediately attacked by the remaining five mermen.  However, I was using a dagger as a weapon, while their weapons were 2m long tridents. They needed a certain distance to attack me properly.

“Grrr!”

In the end, the mermen gave up on the immediate counterattack. They moved a certain distance away and glared at me wildly. I followed and attacked one of them relentlessly.

Bam bam bam!

“Kiik!”

The merman were monsters famous for having a strong camaraderie. The mermen didn’t know what to do as I stuck to their companion like a leech and stabbed. They wanted to help, but were afraid they would end up being stabbed. Indeed, they were stupid bastards.

‘Mermen… these damn guys!’

As a warrior, I fought mermen at Lake Fabian. The mermen at Lake Fabian were very low level, unlike the mermen here, but they were very strong opponents at the same time. In the end, I was killed by them.

‘Revenge for back then!’

Puok!

“Kkuk!”

The merman received my dagger with no mercy and eventually died. The watching mermen shed tears of blood and started a violent onslaught.

 

[You have suffered 2,900 damage.]

[You have suffered 2,830 damage.]

 

Indeed, the mermen had powerful attacks. I lost more than half my health just from two of their attacks.

‘A fearsome strength! I am armed with the Frostlight Orc Chief’s Helmet and Khan’s Masterpiece, but I still received this much damage!’

But there was no need to be afraid. The cooldown time of my mana potion was up.

“Gulp.”

I used a new skill straight away after verifying my mana gauge.

“Pagma’s Swordsmanship, Wave!”

My body was like Loran Falls behind me, but the calm stream started to move. Then waves of energy shot in every direction.

Pepepepeng!

“Kiyaaaaak!”

The four mermen were hit simultaneously and screamed in pain. They tried to counterattack but due to the influence of Wave, their movement speed and attack speed were slowed by almost two times. It wasn’t difficult to deal the final blow.

“Wind Blast!”

“Kyaaak!”

In the end, all six mermen died and I confirmed the money, japtem and experience that dropped.

 

[Your level has risen.]

 

“Invest 10 points in intelligence.”

 

[You have invested 10 points in intelligence. Is this correct?]

 

“Yes.”

After 10 points in intelligence, my mana rose to exactly 600. There was still a long way to go, but I was very proud.

‘If I make an item, my stats will rise. Someday, I will have enough mana to use Pagma’s swordsmanship freely. But I don’t know when that will be…’

By the time I paid back the debt, would I have thousands of mana? As I imagined it and prepared to leave, a man appeared before me. It was a man with a scraggly beard. He was also wearing odd clothing. At a glance…

‘A beggar.’

What? This beggar?

‘Don’t tell me he wants money?’

I was concerned that he would beg me for mo

ney, so I hurriedly tried to leave this place. But then the beggar called out to me. “I have a favor to ask of you.”

“… Ah, damn.”

Of course this beggar would be asking me for money.

‘He found the wrong person.’

I wasn’t proud of it, but I never once put 10 won in the Salvation Army donation box during my 26 years of living. Therefore, I had no intention of helping a beggar in the game.

‘How can I help when I am trying to stay alive in the first place?’

I turned around calmly as the beggar placed a hand on my shoulder.

“Can’t you hear me?”

“I heard you.”

“Then why aren’t you answering?”

“Why would I reply to a beggar?”

The man’s face distorted. “What? Beggar? I am a beggar?”

“You aren’t? You look exactly like a beggar.”

“Kuk! Kuhahahaha!”

Was this beggar insane? Why was he laughing all of a sudden?

“Hey Mister, would you mind being quiet? This place smells of mermen blood and other merman might appear, so it will be dangerous to make loud noises.”

Gurgle gurgle!

As we were talking, a huge foam started to rise from the bottom of the waterfall. In the end, new mermen emerged. I guessed that more than six would appear, so I had wanted to leave this place as quickly as possible.

‘I don’t think I could fight more than seven.’

“Hey.”

I was hurrying away when the beggar called out to me again. But I responded without stopping.

“Hey beggar, if you don’t want to die, then just leave. Well, I don’t care if you die or not. Then I’m going…”

Peeng! Peeng! Peeng!

… Damn. I was too delayed because of the beggar. 11 mermen popped out of the water, surrounding me and the beggar.

“Who…? Someone murdered our kin!”

“I will kill you… Kill him and chew up his heart!”

I screamed towards the mermen. “I witnessed with my own eyes that this man killed your brethren!”

My finger pointed towards the beggar. This wasn’t an intentional act, it was instinctive. It was my nature to sacrifice other people for myself!

“You…! It was you!”

The mermen believed my words immediately and turned their eyes towards the beggar. Then I hurried to escape. However…

Chaeng!

‘…Sword?’

It was clearly the sound of a sword. I reflexively looked back and saw the beggar holding a longsword that would’ve been used in the past.

‘That’s clearly a sword! How does a beggar have such a thing?’

Perhaps he wasn’t a beggar? Yes, it was common sense to think that no ordinary beggar would be in Kesan Canyon. An ordinary beggar wouldn’t survive a day here!

‘Then this person…!’

I belatedly focused my attention above the beggar’s head. Then I confirmed the name.

‘Piaro.’

I didn’t know who he was, but he was clearly an NPC. The fact that the NPC approached me first must be related to a quest! The beggar, no Piaro spoke.

“I don’t like fish.”

Sasak! Sasasasak!

He was on a completely different dimension from me. I relied on my skills when dealing with the mermen. However, Piaro didn’t use any skills. He just fought the 11 mermen with his sword skills.

Clink.

His sword flashed a few times before Piaro placed his longsword back in his sheath. Then the mermen coughed up blood simultaneously and disappeared into grey light. I was stunned as I witnessed Piaro’s ridiculous display of strength. Then he said with a frown.

“You are the type of person who will sacrifice innocents to survive… You are the type of person I hate most in the world.”

“I-I’m sorry…”

I was afraid that he might be killed, so I apologized. Then he shook his head. “There is no need for any pretenses. I don’t want to talk to you for too long, so I will cut to the chase. Help me.”

Ttiring~

There was a familiar sound and the quest notification window popped up.

 

[The True Traitor of the Red Knights]

Difficulty: S

The Red Knights were once the strongest knight division on the continent. It wasn’t an exaggeration to say that the Saharan Empire could now exist because of the Red Knights.

Asmophel, the vice captain of the Red Knights, had a secret rendezvous with the Empress. Then he framed Piaro, who knew the truth.

Due to Asmophel skillfully borrowing the power of the Empress, Piaro and his men were framed as traitors to the Emperor and were forced to flee.

Piaro couldn’t forgive Asmophel or the imperial family, who drove the lives of his comrades to the brink of ruin.

But it was impossible for Piaro to move directly due to the trackers scattered throughout the continent, who were released by Asmophel.

In the end, Piaro was forced to give up on revenge himself and needed to entrust it to an agent.

Quest Clear Conditions: Punish Asmophel.

Quest Clear Reward: Title ‘Agent of Revenge.’

* Agent of Revenge: The ‘Cruelty’ stat will be opened. 

 Attack Power +100. Skill ‘Murderous Impulse’ will be generated.

Quest Failure: Level -4.

 

The Saharan Empire was adjacent to the Eternal Kingdom. However, it was natural to take a long time to go there and back. Furthermore, I needed to punish the vice captain of a knight’s division. Even Leo, who was called the Northern Nova, was just a chick in front of Asmophel.

‘I like the reward, but there is no guarantee of success and the distance is too far. It is wiser to create items at the smithy rather than doing this quest.’

I made a decision and firmly declined. “I don’t have the time or ability to help you.”

 

[The quest was refused.]

 

Piaro clicked his tongue.

“You don’t like the reward?”

“No, I don ‘t have the time or ability.”

“I am familiar with people like you. You must be hoping for a bigger reward by taking advantage of my desperate situation.”

“No, that isn’t it. It isn’t about the reward. I really don’t have the time or ability to help you.”

“Bah, I will add my sword as a reward.”

 

[Piaro has changed the quest reward.]

Quest Clear Reward: Title ‘Agent of Revenge’ Piaro’s longsword.

* Agent of Revenge: The ‘Cruelty’ stat will be opened. 

Attack Power +100.

Skill ‘Murderous Impulse’ will be generated.

* Piaro’s longsword.

Rating: Unique

Durability: 110/213  Attack Power: 387   Accuracy: +10%

The skill ‘Hatred’ will be generated.

* Stamina -100.

It is somewhat damaged, but that doesn’t change the fact that it is a great sword. But it is cursed because it contains Piaro’s strong grudge. There is some risk involved in using it.

User Restriction: Level 190 or higher. More than 900 strength. 

More than 300 agility. Advanced Sword Mastery. 

 

It was difficult to talk about the options since I didn’t know what skill ‘Hatred’ was. But the attack power was great.

‘It is a one-handed sword, but the attack power exceeded the legendary rated Sword of Self-transcendence… Of course, the level limit was 30 levels higher than the Sword of Self-transcendence. But considering the difference in rating, this attack power was really amazing. It is definitely an item that can be sold at an expensive price.’

I was greedy. Why did I want to make items? To make money. But even if I made dozens or hundreds of items, there was no guarantee that items with a unique or higher rating would be produced. Perhaps I could obtain bigger rewards from this quest than from making items, since the item could be sold for a high price.

‘But I truly don’t have the capabilities.’

I was strong. However, it wasn’t enough to face the vice captain of the once strongest knight division on the continent. I needed to calm down. I closed my eyes tightly and turned away from Piaro’s longsword.

“I truly don’t have the ability to carry out your request.”

 

[The quest was refused.]

 

Piaro bit his lip. He seemed angry.

“You truly are a greedy person. Don’t you know that excessive greed can be a poison?”

Words didn’t work. This vaguely familiar situation made me recall someone I had forgotten. Yes, Doran. No matter how much I rejected the quest, I somehow ended up doing Doran’s quest. Piaro resembled Doran.

‘I might be dragged into the quest if I don’t show a definite attitude.’

I came out strongly. “How many times do I have to say it? When did I say that I don’t like the rewards? I don’t have the ability, the ability! Why are you misunderstanding a person in a strange way?”

“You don’t have the ability? It isn’t easy to kill canyon lizards, lizardmen, spiders, eagles, crocodiles, wolves and six mermen at the same time.”

“Heok…”

W-What was up with this guy? How did he know everything I did in Kesan Canyon? This must be…!

“Y-You! Are you a stalker? What do you want from me? Surely not my virginity…! Dirty bastard!”

“Didn’t I already say it? All I want is Asmophel’s death. It seems talking won’t work with you.”

Peok!

Piaro hit my thigh with his sheath. Then I literally fell to my knees.

 

[You have suffered 7,500 damage.]

[The Apostle of Justice’s bravery is unmatched.]

[The Apostle of Justice is in a crisis. You won’t easily collapse in front of the enemies.]

[All stats will increase by 30%.]

 

“W-What…?”

My health fell just from a hit on my thigh from a sheath? He also took care of 11 mermen in an instant. Who was this person? As I was feeling appalled, Piaro looked down at me with cold eyes.

“Make sure to answer. Will you accept my request? Or will you die here?”

“…”

I was mistaken when I thought Piaro was like Doran. Doran was stubborn, but nice. This man was completely different. He was more like a demon. A selfish demon!

“T-This is ridiculous…! An NPC will kill me if I refuse the quest… What the hell is this…?”

“What are you saying? Answer me.”

“Dammit! I’d rather die! If I fail the quest, I will lose four levels and waste my time. But if I die here, I will just lose experience! Hmph. I would prefer that! I will be resurrected in Winston so it will save me some time!”

“… Really, you don’t know what a life is worth. Why did God create immortal beings like you, and why are you living among ordinary humans like us? I can’t understand, no matter how I think about it.”

An NPC was questioning the existence of a user. I was temporarily speechless at the intelligence of an NPC. Then Piaro glanced at me.

“Get lost.”

“Huh?”

“Get out of my sight.

“Q-Quest. No, weren’t you going to kill me if I refuse your request?”

“Bah, I don’t have the hobby of killing innocent people.” Piaro left this place. Just before completely disappearing from my field of view, he stopped and said. “If you are willing to accept my request later, come here. I’m not forcing you. It’s just hope.”

Thus, my brief encounter with Piaro ended. Then I returned to Winston. In the process, I fought several monsters in the canyon and reached level 95, investing all the stat points into intelligence.

‘Shit, I’m like a magician.’

Investing stat points in intelligence just to increase the amount of mana! It was regrettable, no matter how I thought about it. But I got some happy news.

 

[The skill level of Blacksmith’s Rage has risen.]

[The skill level of Unbreakable Justice has risen.]

 

[Blacksmith’s Rage]

Lv. 2

Increases attack power by 15% and attack speed by 30% for 30 seconds.

Skill Mana Cost: 40

Skill Cooldown Time: 60 seconds 

 

[Unbreakable Justice]

Lv. 2

Deals 320% of your attack power.

Skill Mana Cost: 300

Skill Cooldown Time: 90 seconds 

 

In the case of Wind Blast and Quick Movements, they were skills built into the Ideal Dagger, so the skill level wouldn’t increase no matter how many times I used it. But Blacksmith’s Rage and Unbreakable Justice were my own skills. Like any ordinary skills, it gained experience and the level rose.

I realized I was becoming stronger as I saw the effects of the upgraded skills.

