Khan welcomed me as I returned from Kesan Canyon. “You defeated the ghastly monsters in Kesan Canyon! You’re truly amazing! How about it? Did you learn Pagma’s Swordsmanship properly?”

“Of course.”

“Can you give me the chance to appreciate the great swordsmanship that thrilled my ancestor?”

“Okay. It is narrow here, so let’s go to the yard.”

This was Khan’s smithy. I picked up the Ideal Dagger in a place where there was a lot of firewood. Then I activated Pagma’s Swordsmanship.

“Pagma’s Swordsmanship, Wave!”

I danced, scattering blue light in every direction. Khan was impressed by the spectacular sight.

“Ohhhh! Amazing! It is so beautiful and intense!”

“In fact, there are four other sword techniques, but it has to end here today.”

“Why? I want to watch the rest of the sword dance.”

I wanted to show off to Khan. But I currently only had 630 mana! After activating Pagma’s Swordsmanship and using Wave, I only had 260 mana left. I didn’t have any mana for another technique. In the end, I had to be honest.

“I don’t have enough mana to use it continuously. I can drink mana potions, but it’s a waste of money.”

“Hah, I see. Unfortunately, it can’t be helped. Now follow me.”

Khan dragged me into the smithy. Then he picked up Dainsleif on the second floor and handed it to me.

“This is the promised reward. You are Pagma’s Descendant, so I believe you can understand and use Dainsleif more than anyone else.”

 

[Dainsleif (Reproduction) has been acquired.]

[Quest success!]

 

[Dainsleif (Reproduction)]

Rating: Unique

Durability: 500/500   Attack Power: 451~635   Attack Speed: -8%

* Additional damage equal to 10% of the target’s current defense will be dealt.

* The greater the number of enemies, the greater the damage.

* The skill ‘Golden Flash’ has been generated.

A work created by Albatino, the first human to receive the nickname of ‘craftsman before Pagma’s era. He attempted the reproduce the mythical weapon, Dainsleif.

It is far lacking compared to the original Dainsleif, but he succeeded in restoring some of its features, making it a masterpiece on its own.

It was acclaimed as a ‘masterpiece of human history’ by the founder of the Eternal Kingdom and king of the north, Loran.

The legendary blacksmith Pagma is said to have received great inspiration from Albatino’s work.

User Restriction: Level 250 or higher. More than 1,800 strength. Advanced Sword Mastery.

Weight: 1,580 

 

The conditions of use were fairly high, but it was a weapon that was above the Sword of Self-transcendence when just looking at the function. I believed that Dainsleif was currently one of the top weapons that existed in Satisfy.

‘Only top rankers would have a weapon like this in their hands.’ 

I really liked Dainsleif. First of all, it was a greatsword. Secondly, the performance was good. Finally, I liked the appearance. Dainsleif was around 3m and 20cm in length. Its appearance was overwhelming. The blade made of black iron expressed elegance and strength at the same time. While the silver handle made of mithril wasn’t much to boast of, it made a subtle and elegant combination of black and silver.

If I carried this on my back, it was clear that everyone would look at me with envy.

‘If I enhance it, won’t it generate an amazing effect?’

I was thrilled and vigorously shouted. “Okay! Next is Valhalla!&rd

quo;

Khan had been waiting for someone who could use and appreciate the value of Dainsleif and Valhalla. And that person was none other than me.

“Khan! What next? How do I obtain Valhalla?”

Khan laughed and patted my shoulder. “First of all, let me rest. If I get rid of it too quickly, I’m afraid my medical conditions will act up.”

Based on Khan’s reaction, it seems I didn’t meet the conditions for the second class quest yet. I nodded towards Khan, believing that someday the time would come.

 

The Eighth Servant appeared! All users belonging to the Yatan Church gained 20% more experience for a certain period of time.  As a result, the number of new users who signed up for the Yatan Church increased dramatically.

In the end, everything resulted in the Yatan Church’s growth. The world showed a great interest in how the growth of the Yatan Church, the most impure and wicked among all forces in Satisfy, would affect the future of Satisfy. 

Most of them had negative interpretations.

“It will be difficult to maintain Satisfy’s security if the Yatan Church keeps growing. Even now, there are cities where the number of NPC victims are increasing exponentially and the population is sharply decreasing. There are countless villages that disappeared altogether. The Alliance must be victorious in battle against the Yatan Church.”

There were also people guarded against Yura’s growth.

“The Eighth Servant is definitely Yura. As a high ranking member of the Yatan Church, she will enjoy tremendous success as the Yatan Church becomes stronger. It is something that regular users can’t even imagine! Then the confrontation between rankers will become a one-sided game!”

Well, there were many other concerns. But I had no interest in such things.

‘I’m busy with my own life. It’s painful that Yura is eating all the good things alone, but wasn’t it originally like that? It’s funny to be jealous now.’

Three days had passed since I returned from Kesan Canyon. In the meantime, I just devoted myself to making items.

But in those three days, I only made three normal and one rare rated item… 

“The production rate is really dirty. This is why it’s better to make money by hunting. When will I earn the money to pay off the debt? Sigh.”

I wanted to rush towards the northern snowfields right away. I would be able to raise my level by hunting the frostlight orcs while collecting the sylphid scales at the same time.

‘It would be nice to collect 20 sylphis scales and make the Hooded Zip Up… I can also raise my experience by leveling up.’

But the sylphid scales had a terrible drop rate. I needed to repay the interest on the debt in five days of real time, so it was difficult to expect anything with the low drop probability.

‘Let’s concentrate on making items for five days. I need stable profit to pay off the interest. If I don’t pay off the interest, a foreclosure notice might arrive.’

“Are you Mr. Grid?”

While I was sighing over my life, two soldiers arrived at the smithy.

“What is it?”

I was in a bad mood so I spoke bluntly, and they immediately replied. “The administrator is urgently searching for you.”

“Oh…?”

It seemed to be a continuation of the Business with the Administrator quest.

‘What do I need to make this time?’

Wasn’t it possible to earn a large amount of money this time? I headed towards the castle with expectant thoughts. 

The administrator’s office. Once I entered, the administrator handed me a scroll like he had been waiting.

“It is urgent. Would you be able to produce an item with this production method?”

“What is it?”

I opened the scroll.

 

[’Divine Shield’ Production Method]

Prerequisite: Advanced Blacksmith Mastery Level 3 or higher.

* Divine Shield: A shield that contains the power of Rebecca, the goddess of light. Due to its strength against dark magic, all followers of demons and the Yatan Church will suffer when facing this shield.

User Restriction: Level 190 or higher. 

 

“Heok…”

I was being given this precious production method? 

The administrator asked me cautiously. “You don’t have the ability to understand and make this?”

I shook my head. “Nope, I can understand and learn it easily.”

“Ohh! If so, please learn it and make this shield!”

It was a chance to learn how to make a level 190 item for free. There was no reason for me to refuse. But there was a separate matter.

“I can make the shield according to the production method, but I don’t have the divine power to imprint on the shield.”

An item containing divine power couldn’t be completed with a blacksmith alone. I needed help from a priest or magician. It seemed the administrator also knew this.

“Don’t worry. I already have a priest prepared.”

The administrator looked to one side. I looked over and saw a young man in a white garment, with the symbol of Goddess Rebecca on it.

‘What, who is this person?’

Despite being in the same room, I hadn’t been able to detect him at all. He was a strange person who didn’t give off any presence, even when I was facing him now. I felt an instinctive discomfort.

The priest ignored my vigilance and greeted me. “I am Cassus. This body serves Rebecca, the goddess of light. Please look after me.”

The name above Cassus’ head was green. In other words, he was an NPC. I answered warily. “Ah, yes. Thank you.”

Then a quest information rose up.

 

[Business with the Administrator (2)]

Level of difficulty: AA

Winston is defenseless after consecutive losses and great damage to the troops.

Administrator Valdi needs the Divine Shield to prepare for the Yatan Church’s counterattack.

You must work with Cassus, a priest who serves Goddess Rebecca, to complete the Divine Shield.

Quest Clear Conditions: A Divine Shield with a minimum of an epic rating delivered within two days.

Quest Acceptance Reward: Learn how to make the Divine Shield.

Quest Clear Rewards: Depends on the level of the item delivered. 

Quest Failure: The business deal with the administrator is cancelled and the quest will be destroyed. 

[Would you like to accept the quest?]

 

There was no reason to refuse. No, I was looking forward to the quest. But there was one thing I had to consider.

“Is the Yatan Church likely to invade Winston?”

“In order for the enemy to advance here, they must go through Kinban Fortress. And Kinban Fortress holds the elite army of the north. So the possibility of enemy forces invading Winston is very slim. But we can’t rule out the possibility that a small number will sneak in here to attack. The Divine Shield is necessary to go against them.”

“Hmm… I see. I hope my strength will be a help.”

 

[The quest has been accepted.]

[You have acquired the method to make the Divine Shield.]

