[Overgeared Skeletons One and Two can be upgraded. Please select the desired class.]

The Overgeared Skeletons had reached level 100! Grid stopped for a moment after identifying that they could be upgraded. His extremely excited heart burned much hotter than his skin, which had been heated by the white phosphorus wood.

'Can they become a skeleton warrior or mage?'

Skeleton -> skeleton warrior -> skeleton knight -> death knight, dark knight, or reaper.

Or skeleton-> skeleton mage-> skeleton general -> lich.

These were the evolution patterns of ordinary undead. Grid's idea that a skeleton warrior and skeleton mage would appear in the Overgeared Skeletons' upgrade list was plausible.

“Huhuhu...” A wide smile appeared on Grid's face as he thought about Overgeared Skeleton One being reborn as a death knight and Overgeared Skeleton Two being born as a lich. Extremely excited, he called Overgeared Skeletons One and Two to him.

Clack! Clack clack!

They were skeletons with a temperament and were like dogs or cats that followed people well. Clacking as they moved to follow Grid's call, the puppies came running.

“Now, let's see.” Grid faced the Overgeared Skeletons with a warm expression and touched the golden exclamation marks above their heads.

[Possible class list for the Overgeared Skeletons One and Two.]

The list of classes he could choose from popped up. It was a list that would trample Grid's expectations.

[Possible Class List for Overgeared Skeleton One]

[1. Skeleton Miner

2. Skeleton Dancer

3. Skeleton Destroyer] 

[Possible Class List for Overgeared Skeleton Two]

[1. Skeleton Miner

2. Skeleton Dancer

3. Skeleton Restorer.] 

“No, isn't this crazy?”

Where were the skeleton warrior and the mage? What were miner and dancer? Grid doubted his eyes and started rubbing them. However, the list of possible classes for the Overgeared Skeletons didn't change. It wasn't an illusion.

“Why does this always happen to me...?”

No, it didn't make sense. The undead… Why was there a miner and dance on their list of advancement classes?

“This is a joke...!” Grid's entire body shook and he gritted his teeth as his mind entered a state of extreme anger. However, it was only for a moment. Grid checked up on Mercedes and Randy, who were dealing with the bear-wolves alone after the Overgeared Skeletons came over to him. Mercedes was worried that the Overgeared Skeletons wouldn't get enough experience, so she only defended. This made Grid concerned about her stamina, and he regained his calm.

'Calm down.' Grid took deep breaths and looked at the class information of the Overgeared Skeletons.

[Skeleton Miner]

[The Overgeared Skeletons were forced into mining by their master and have the qualities of a miner. They are likely to be relatively good miners.]

[Skeleton Dancer]

[The Overgeared Skeletons dance every time the wind blows and loves dancing. It is still weak but they have the quality of a dancer.

“...There is a reason for everything.”

Grid found out why miner and dancer were included in the class list and regretted the past. If only he hadn't made the Overgeared Skeletons mine... If only he hadn't forced the Overgeared Skeletons to be blown by the wind, making them dance...

'...No, it wouldn't have changed anything.'

In the end, Grid decided for the unique classes of the Overgeared Skeletons to be destroyer and restorer. Based on their names, they seemed to be unusual classes.

'They might be better than ordinary classes like warrior or mage...!' Grid gulped. 

Anticipation once again filled the depths of his heart.

[Skeleton Destroyer]

[Overgeared Skeleton One has a history of destroying Overgeared Skeleton Two, giving it the ability to deal deadly wounds to the undead.

Even a death knight should be vigilant in front of the skeleton destroyer.]

“...”

[Skeleton Restorer]

[Overgeared Skeleton Two has been destroyed several times by Overgeared Skeleton One, using its high intelligence to learn a technique to quickly restore broken bones using mana.

It can be seen as a skeleton healer.

The presence of the skeleton restorer will greatly enhance the duration of skeleton-based undead.]

“...” Grid closed his eyes and several scenes came to mind. One was of Overgeared Skeleton One hitting Overgeared Skeleton Two in the back. Unable to deal with Overgeared Skeleton One's force, Overgeared Skeleton Two had been blown back...

Why...

“Why did I let them act like this...?”

That's right. The destroyer and restorer were also unique classes of the Overgeared Skeletons. They were manifested based on the Overgeared Skeletons' behavioral patterns. Grid got goosebumps.

'How high is the degree of freedom?'

The classes were divided based on the growth environment? Wasn't there more freedom than what was given to players?

'These guys are really...'

They were undoubtedly a super-named type of undead. Grid was feeling convinced of this while Mercedes and Randy continued battling the bear-wolves.

Mercedes endured the pincer attacks of three bear-wolves with White Tiger's Attitude, while Randy was assisted by the God Hands. As she waited for the Overgeared Skeletons to join the battle again, Mercedes' stamina was reduced to a level that couldn't be ignored. Having come out together when Randy was summoned, Noe now asked Grid a question, “Master, should I help?” 

Grid shook his head. “No. You can just rest.”

Noe had ingested a large amount of energy from the thunder stone during the Astaroth raid and evolved, showing a perfect strength. So, it wasn't urgent to level him up when he could hunt at any time. Noe could level up any time if he wanted. The two things Grid were aiming for in this battle were the growth of the Overgeared Skeletons and Randy, and watching Mercedes fight in order to design a suitable armor for her. As such, there was no reason for Noe to act.

“Change class.”

Grid stroked Noe's soft fur and decided on the Overgeared Skeletons' classes. Overgeared Skeleton One would be a destroyer and Overgeared Skeleton Two a restorer! He had to be careful not to click on miner or dancer by mistake!

Flash!

Overgeared Skeletons One and Two were surrounded by a bright light, and numerous notification windows popped up.

[Overgeared Skeleton One has been converted to a skeleton destroyer.]

[The class compensation effect will increase Overgeared Skeleton One's strength and stamina by 10.]

[Overgeared Skeleton One has acquired the skill 'Bone Cracking'.]

[Bone Cracking Lv. 1]

[There is a low probability of destroying materials made of bone (undead, items, structures, etc.).

Resources Consumed: None.

Skill Cooldown Time: 20 seconds]

[Overgeared Skeleton Two has been converted to a skeleton restorer.]

[The class compensation effect will increase Overgeared Skeleton Two's intelligence and stamina by 10.]

[Overgeared Skeleton Two has acquired the skill 'Bone Sticking.]

[Bone Sticking Lv. 1]

[Restores 20% of a skeleton-based undead's health. The damaged part of the target will be restored.

Skill Resources Consumed: 20

Skill Cooldown Time: 30 seconds]

“...”

It was kind of funny. A skeleton that cracked bones and a skeleton that healed bones...

'If this continues, will Overgeared Skeleton One keep destroying while Overgeared Skeleton Two becomes capable of using wide-area heals?'

The future Grid would realize how poor his imagination was on this day. However, that was a story for when the Overgeared Skeletons have their second advancement classes.

Kyak kyak! Kyak!!

“...!” Grid was startled. After changing classes, the Overgeared Skeletons developed a capability to make sounds. Previously, they just moved their jaws, but they could now make kyak kyak laughs.

“Sigh, it is amazing.”

This wasn't a horror movie. How were these guys cute? Grid was still suspicious of Mercedes' taste and gave an order.

“Move! Level up!”

Kyak kyak! Kyak!

Kyak kyak kyak!

They were really excited. Overgeared Skeletons One and Two rushed toward the bear-wolves and stabbed. Then something amazing happened.

[Overgeared Skeleton One has inflicted 4 damage to the bear-wolf.]

[Overgeared Skeleton Two has inflicted 2 damage to the bear-wolf.]

The Overgeared Skeletons' damage was several times greater than before!

'This is the power of the stats awakening...!'

Were damages of 2 and 4 that surprising? Of course, it was. The bear-wolves were presumed to be at least level 400, whereas the Overgeared Skeletons had just achieved level 100. The fact that the huge 300-level difference was slightly overcome suggested one thing.

'Normal monsters don't have the concept of stats awakening.'

Therefore, most monsters were weak compared to their level. The gap between named-grade monsters and ordinary monsters was almost certain to widen as the level increased. Then what about the Overgeared Skeletons, who were super-named monsters? Their level value was astronomical. At level 300 and 400, the Overgeared Skeletons were likely to be more destructive than boss monsters. That possibility was proven right now.

[Overgeared Skeleton One has used the skill 'Bone Cracking'.]

“...!?!?!” Grid's eyes widened. Overgeared Skeleton One stabbed his blade deep inside the bear-wolf facing Mercedes. The skill was used as soon as it detected that its blade hit the bear-wolf's bone.

The aftermath...

[Overgeared Skeleton One has inflicted 10,500 damage to the bear-wolf!] 

[The bones of the bear-wolf's lower body have been broken, and the bear-wolf is now permanently paralyzed! The bear-wolf's stats will drop by 20%!]

The bear-wolf's aggro headed toward the Overgeared Skeletons for the first time. The paw of the wounded bear-wolf hit the head of Overgeared Skeleton One. However, it was wishful thinking.

Kik! Kikikik! This was because Overgeared Skeleton Two laughed at Overgeared Skeleton One before using Bone Sticking.

Kyak kyak! Kya kya kyak! Confirming that its disappeared head was restored, Overgeared Skeleton One laughed. Then its hand hit Overgeared Skeleton Two, and Overgeared Skeleton Two's head flew off. Overgeared Skeleton Two was forced to remain silent until the cooldown of Bone Sticking ended.

“...” Grid was also silent. He couldn't open his mouth as he stared at the Overgeared Skeletons with affection. Even the sound of the Overgeared Skeletons laughing started to feel lovely.