[Blacksmith Hammer to Go Against the Gods]

[Rating: Myth

Durability: Infinite   Attack Power: 870

* Moves to protect the master and kill enemies.

* All types of materials can be hammered without much difficulty.

* The probability of normal and rare rated items is fixed at 0%.

* There is a very low probability of making epic rated items.

* There is a very high probability of making unique rated items. 

* Odds of Making a Legendary Rated Item: +5%

* Odds of Making a Myth Rated Item: +1%

-A hammer made by the legendary blacksmith Grid, who is becoming a myth beyond a legend, in preparation for a match against a god. It is very compatible with Grid because it is designed with Grid's physical conditions and habits in mind. Blacksmiths other than Grid can't use it. 

The ego of the pavranium used as a material in the hammer will help the owner use it more conveniently.

Conditions of Use: Grid.

Weight: 490]

[A myth rated item has been produced, permanently increasing all stats by 10!]

'Crazy!' Grid was shocked when he examined the golden hammer. The 1st ranked blacksmith, Panmir, had said that his probability of making a legendary rated item was 0.01%. It was small, but it contained his aspirations.

'This hammer increases it by 5%...'

Grid's existing blacksmith hammer was also fraudulent. It increased the probability of making legendary items by 1%, which was equivalent to denying the existence of regular blacksmith players. However, the Blacksmith Hammer to Go Against the Gods had a 5% chance of making a legendary rated item! It was five times better than the hammer Grid was currently using. No, it was greater than that. It suppressed the creation of lower rated items such as normal and rare items and also increased the probability of making myth rated items by 1%.

This was much more than Grid had been hoping for. While creating the new hammer, he had just wanted to increase his chances of making a myth rated item. Still, there was just one thing that wasn't good.

'It doesn't have the ability to move on its own and make an item.'

Grid had been inwardly hoping for that. He wanted the hammer—which was made of pavranium—to move by itself and help him when making items, increasing the efficiency of his item production. However, the blacksmith hammer had the ability to protect its master and hit the enemy rather than help with blacksmithing.

'It is natural.'

In the days when the pavranium had been the God Hands, it had the dexterity stat which allowed it to help Grid. The present pavranium was just a hammer and didn't have the skills or knowledge to help its master.

'I'm not a thief. I shouldn't want too much!'

He didn't want to experience hair loss again! Grid recalled the hair loss he had experienced in the past and raised his hands to his head out of habit. It wasn't because he was missing hair though. Grid had abundant hair.

Ttang! Ttang!

Hexetia had continued working through the process of Grid suffering from the heat, becoming calm thanks to Khan, and then finishing the hammer. Grid couldn't help admiring the blue sword that was being completed under Hexetia's hands.

'It is perfect...!'

It gave off an atmosphere that seemed to freeze the heat just by being present. The ice-like, transparent sword was relatively short and thin like a woman's arm, but it wasn't weak.

[Observing the target item with the legendary blacksmith's eyes.]

[The target item has gone beyond the area of a legend. You have failed to observe the targeted item.]

'It is naturally a myth rated item!'

Once again, it wasn't surprising. Hexetia was a god. It was obvious that the items made by a god would have a myth rating. Yes, the basic premise for winning this match was to create a myth rated item. Grid's expression twisted, and he started sweating nervously.

'Now that I think about it, I'm doomed.'

Why was the new hammer that he made myth rated?

'What is the probability of making two myth rated items in a row?'

This was the end. There was nothing infinite in this world. There would definitely be a limit on luck, and his luck was likely to be lower than that of those in the general public. The blacksmithing hammer should've been legendary. Then the sword made with this hammer would've received a myth rating.

“...It is ruined! Shit!” Frustrated, Grid flopped onto the cloud field before jumping up again. He had 'experience.' Grid had made several myth rated items, so he now knew that the condition required to make a myth rated item wasn't just luck. The 'story' in the materials and production process played a major role. 'Of course, having a story doesn't unconditionally mean that a myth rated item will appear.' Luck was also needed, but there was no need to depend on good luck.

“...Sigh,” Grid took a deep breath. His gaze was still on the sword that Hexetia was making. Did this sword contain an exceptional artistry beyond anything Grid had produced before? Was it enough to make him forget his work?

'No.'

Grid's spirit was completely restored. He looked at the sword to study it. That's right. Grid was learning in real time. He searched for the correlation between the smelting, forging, and tempering that Hexetia was doing.

'Why is he minimizing the number of times he folds the metal?'

'He is tempering it again?

'The shape of the cross-section is perfect like it was made by a machine... There aren't any errors. But that is a god only technique...'

'Is he not grinding the blade? No, the sharpness can be restored when repairing it. So far, I have been grinding it more than necessary.'

'The pattern isn't just cool. The intention of it is to prevent blood from clinging to the blade so that it doesn't become dull.'

In fact, this wasn't anything special. Many players had a chance to learn when they met a player who was better than they were. For example, it would be easy for Kraugel to learn if let's suppose that Kraugel met Zeratul and had to compete in skills. Kraugel would learn and evolve in real time while fighting his opponent.

Yes, it was natural for Grid to learn the skills of the blacksmith god, Hexetia. Getting kidnapped was a great opportunity for Grid to learn from a god.

[You have seen the skills of the blacksmith god!]

[Your blacksmithing skill has evolved!]

[(Seeing the Gods' Techniques) Legendary Blacksmith's Craftsmanship Skill has changed to (Fighting Against the Gods) Legendary Blacksmith's Craftsmanship Skill, and the probability of making top items has increased.] 

[Blacksmiths' Breath and Blacksmith's Patience have changed to passive skills, and they will always be maintained when making items.]

“Hat!” Thrilled, a smile appeared on Grid's face. His anxiety decreased, and his confidence rose.

“Good! Let's start the production!” Grid shouted energetically and pulled out various materials from his inventory. They were the Black Tortoise's Breath and Blue Dragon's Breath which he had obtained from the 3rd National Competition, Great Demon Astaroth's Horn, and the shell of the cave cricket that threatened the World Tree's Forest. They were rare materials that ordinary humans could never see in their lifetime.

“Huh?” Hexetia stopped hammering. He looked at the materials with very surprised eyes.

'How did a mere human...?'

Additionally...

'He has the courage to use all these materials in a single sword?'

It was difficult for Hexetia to understand. In particular, it was hard for the Blue Dragon's Breath to coexist with the Black Tortoise's Breath. This was a rule which couldn't be overcome using technique.

'Grid, you...!'

Was Grid saying that he was more skilled than a god? Hexetia's surprise was beyond admiration.

“Ah... Let's use this next time.” While Grid was squatting in front of the furnace, he put the Black Tortoise's Breath back in his inventory. He thought it wasn't right to use both the Blue Dragon's Breath and Black Tortoise's Breath for a single item.

“...” Was this a joke? Hexetia stared at Grid wide-eyed. 

“Shouldn't you be more vigilant?” Grid gave him a warning. Finally, the mithril being hit by the Sword of Light was reaching its final stage. Grid first strengthened the Blue Dragon's Breath. He put the blue bead into the furnace, burning it with Hexetia's flames before taking it out and starting the hammering.

Ttang! Ttang! Ttang!

“...!!” Hexetia's eyebrows rose. He noticed that the functionality of Grid's new hammer was several times better than his previous hammer. It was comparable to Hexetia's own hammer which had been made with divine stone. The Blue Dragon's Breath emitted lightning every time it was hit by Grid's hammer. Grid sometimes coughed up blood when he was hit by the lightning, but his hammering didn't stop. He was compelled to finish the strengthening, even if his body became ashes.

“He... Hehe. Even if it takes a long time... Just wait... Hiik!!” Grid was hit with another lightning strike while trying to speak. To think that he was enduring great pain and devoting himself to blacksmithing despite the cost to his life...?

“You are a fool...!” Hexetia frowned.

Grid looked stupid to him. However, Grid was proud of his actions. “Blacksmithing is my thing. Aren't you the same? Hik! Hiiiiik!”

“What?”

Blacksmithing was his thing? Hexetia's eyes shook. At this moment, he realized the reason for his existence.

'Yes, I am the blacksmith god... I was born just for the sake of blacksmithing.'

He didn't have to look elsewhere for the meaning of his existence. So what if he was alone? He just needed the hammer and the anvil. Hexetia was able to do blacksmithing anytime and anywhere. When he was working as a blacksmith, he was able to prove why he existed in this world.

Yes, blacksmithing was his thing. All he needed to do was blacksmithing. He didn't need to worry about the eyes of others. He could just do his job as a blacksmith. He didn't need to worry or be jealous when someone's blacksmithing skill was beyond his. Hexetia just needed to focus on blacksmithing. There was no one who could deny his existence when he worked as a blacksmith.

Yes, this was it. The wicked feelings inside Hexetia were dying. He shouted at Grid who was being shocked, “Endure it, Grid! You shouldn't fall down until this match ends!”

It was a blessing.

[The blacksmith god has used his power.]

[The power of the god has given you 100% electric shock resistance!]

“Hexetia!”

“Grid...!”

The meeting gazes of the two men were passionate. They started to complete the masterpieces which couldn't be seen in any legends.